
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|...Punch
all|items|sprays|id|punch

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Barbarian
all|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
all|items|sprays|id|barbarian

all|items|sprays|name|Beyond the Moon
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|beyond-the-moon

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Catcher
all|items|sprays|id|catcher

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Caution
all|items|sprays|id|caution

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Crusader
all|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
all|items|sprays|id|crusader

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Dance
all|items|sprays|id|dance

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Dark Logo
all|items|sprays|id|dark-logo

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Dark Overwatch
all|items|sprays|id|dark-overwatch

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Dark Title
all|items|sprays|id|dark-title

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Demon Hunter
all|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
all|items|sprays|id|demon-hunter

all|items|sprays|name|Dia de los Muertos
all|items|sprays|standardItem|true
all|items|sprays|id|da-de-los-muertos

all|items|sprays|name|Forge Onward
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|forge-onward

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|FotS2
all|items|sprays|id|fots2

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Fuji
all|items|sprays|id|fuji

all|items|sprays|group|starcraft
all|items|sprays|name|GL HF
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|gl-hf

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Goldshire Pictures
all|items|sprays|id|goldshire-pictures

all|items|sprays|name|Jail
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|jail

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Leek
all|items|sprays|id|leek

all|items|sprays|name|Logo
all|items|sprays|standardItem|true
all|items|sprays|id|logo

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Lumerico
all|items|sprays|id|lumerico

all|items|sprays|name|Man and Omnic
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|man-and-omnic

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Monk
all|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
all|items|sprays|id|monk

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Numbani Statue
all|items|sprays|id|numbani-statue

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Omnic Rights
all|items|sprays|id|omnic-rights

all|items|sprays|name|Oops
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|oops

all|items|sprays|name|Out of My Way
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|out-of-my-way

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Overwatch
all|items|sprays|id|overwatch

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Overwatch Title
all|items|sprays|id|overwatch-title

all|items|sprays|group|pachi
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Pachimari
all|items|sprays|id|pachimari

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Pinata
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|piata

all|items|sprays|name|Red O
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|red-o

all|items|sprays|name|Red X
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|red-x

all|items|sprays|name|Respect
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|respect

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Rhino
all|items|sprays|id|rhino

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Rikimaru
all|items|sprays|id|rikimaru

all|items|sprays|name|Rise
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|rise

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Sarcophagus
all|items|sprays|id|sarcophagus

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Scooter
all|items|sprays|id|scooter

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Scroll
all|items|sprays|id|scroll

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 1 Competitor
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-1-competitor

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 1 Hero
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-1-hero

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 2 Competitor
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-2-competitor

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 2 Hero
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-2-hero

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 3 Competitor
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-3-competitor

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 3 Hero
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-3-hero

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 4 Competitor
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-4-competitor

all|items|sprays|group|competitive
all|items|sprays|name|Season 4 Hero
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|season-4-hero

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Siege Mode
all|items|sprays|id|siege-mode

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Six-Gun Killer
all|items|sprays|id|sixgun-killer

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Sol
all|items|sprays|id|sol

all|items|sprays|name|Sorry
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|sorry

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Soulstone
all|items|sprays|id|soulstone

all|items|sprays|name|Tea Time
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|tea-time

all|items|sprays|name|Thanks
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|thanks

all|items|sprays|name|Victory
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|victory

all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Vivi's Adventure
all|items|sprays|id|vivis-adventure

all|items|sprays|name|Well Played
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|well-played

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Witch Doctor
all|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
all|items|sprays|id|witch-doctor

all|items|sprays|group|diablo
all|items|sprays|name|Wizard
all|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
all|items|sprays|id|wizard

all|items|sprays|group|world of warcraft
all|items|sprays|name|You are not prepared!
all|items|sprays|standardItem|true
all|items|sprays|id|you-are-not-prepared

all|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Summer Games 2016
all|items|sprays|id|summer-games-2016

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|...Never Die
all|items|sprays|id|never-die

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Bats
all|items|sprays|id|bats

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Boo!
all|items|sprays|id|boo

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Boop!
all|items|sprays|id|boop

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Candyball
all|items|sprays|id|candyball

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Fangs
all|items|sprays|id|fangs

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Gummy Hog
all|items|sprays|id|gummy-hog

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Halloween Special
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|halloween-special

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Halloween Terror
all|items|sprays|id|halloween-terror

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Junkenstein's Revenge
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|junkensteins-revenge

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Pumpkins
all|items|sprays|id|pumpkins

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Rise of the Zomnics
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|rise-of-the-zomnics

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|name|The Reapening
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|the-reapening

all|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Witch's Brew
all|items|sprays|id|witchs-brew

all|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Snowcree
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|snowcree

all|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Snowhog
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|snowhog

all|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Snowmei
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|snowmei

all|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|sprays|name|Snowreaper
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|snowreaper

all|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Winter Wonderland
all|items|sprays|id|winter-wonderland

all|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|sprays|name|Auspicious Lion
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|auspicious-lion

all|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|sprays|name|Awakened Lion
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|id|awakened-lion

all|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Dragon's Head
all|items|sprays|id|dragons-head

all|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Lucky Pouch
all|items|sprays|id|lucky-pouch

all|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Red Envelope
all|items|sprays|id|red-envelope

all|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|name|Year of the Rooster
all|items|sprays|id|year-of-the-rooster

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|id|b73ns
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|name|B73-NS

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|id|eradicator
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|name|Eradicator

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|quality|common
all|items|sprays|id|null-sector
all|items|sprays|name|Null Sector

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|group|pachi
all|items|sprays|id|nullmari
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|name|Nullmari

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|id|nulltrooper
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|name|Nulltrooper

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|id|or14ns
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|name|OR14-NS

all|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|sprays|id|slicer
all|items|sprays|achievement|true
all|items|sprays|name|Slicer

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|...Never Die
all|items|icons|id|never-die

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|16-Bit Hero
all|items|icons|id|16bit-hero

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|2017
all|items|icons|id|2017

all|items|icons|hero|zarya
all|items|icons|name|512
all|items|icons|id|zarya-512

all|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
all|items|icons|name|76
all|items|icons|id|soldier-76-76

all|items|icons|hero|junkrat
all|items|icons|name|AHHHH!
all|items|icons|id|junkrat-ahhhh

all|items|icons|hero|ana
all|items|icons|name|Ana
all|items|icons|id|ana-ana

all|items|icons|name|Anubis
all|items|icons|id|anubis

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|hanzo
all|items|icons|name|Archery
all|items|icons|id|hanzo-archery

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Australia
all|items|icons|id|australia

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|id|b73ns
all|items|icons|name|B73-NS

all|items|icons|hero|mccree
all|items|icons|name|Badge
all|items|icons|id|mccree-badge

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|mercy
all|items|icons|name|Badminton
all|items|icons|id|mercy-badminton

all|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
all|items|icons|name|Baiser
all|items|icons|id|widowmaker-baiser

all|items|icons|name|Bao
all|items|icons|id|bao

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Barbarian
all|items|icons|id|barbarian

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|pharah
all|items|icons|name|Basketball
all|items|icons|id|pharah-basketball

all|items|icons|hero|bastion
all|items|icons|name|Bastion
all|items|icons|id|bastion-bastion

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Bells
all|items|icons|id|bells

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Bewitching
all|items|icons|id|bewitching

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|id|blackwatch
all|items|icons|name|Blackwatch

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|reaper
all|items|icons|name|BMX
all|items|icons|id|reaper-bmx

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Bokimari
all|items|icons|id|bokimari

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|bastion
all|items|icons|name|Boxing
all|items|icons|id|bastion-boxing

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Brazil
all|items|icons|id|brazil

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Bubbly
all|items|icons|id|bubbly

all|items|icons|hero|dva
all|items|icons|name|Bunny
all|items|icons|id|dva-bunny

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|hero|tracer
all|items|icons|name|Cadet
all|items|icons|id|tracer-cadet

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Calavera
all|items|icons|id|calavera

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Candle
all|items|icons|id|candle

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Candy Cane
all|items|icons|id|candy-cane

all|items|icons|name|Capsule
all|items|icons|id|capsule

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|hero|mei
all|items|icons|name|Chang'e
all|items|icons|id|mei-change

all|items|icons|hero|dva
all|items|icons|name|Charm
all|items|icons|id|dva-charm

all|items|icons|name|Cheers
all|items|icons|id|cheers1

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Cheers!
all|items|icons|id|cheers

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
all|items|icons|name|Chief Engineer
all|items|icons|id|torbjorn-chief-engineer

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|China
all|items|icons|id|china

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Coin
all|items|icons|id|coin

all|items|icons|name|Colossus
all|items|icons|id|colossus

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|hero|mercy
all|items|icons|name|Combat Medic
all|items|icons|id|mercy-combat-medic

all|items|icons|name|Credit
all|items|icons|id|credit

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Crusader
all|items|icons|id|crusader

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|hero|genji
all|items|icons|name|Cyborg
all|items|icons|id|genji-cyborg

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|dva
all|items|icons|name|Cycling
all|items|icons|id|dva-cycling

all|items|icons|hero|dva
all|items|icons|name|D.Va
all|items|icons|id|dva-dva

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|Dark Lady
all|items|icons|id|dark-lady

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Dark Wanderer
all|items|icons|achievement|blizzard
all|items|icons|id|dark-wanderer

all|items|icons|hero|mccree
all|items|icons|name|Deadeye
all|items|icons|id|mccree-deadeye

all|items|icons|name|Demolition
all|items|icons|id|demolition

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Demon Hunter
all|items|icons|id|demon-hunter

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|roadhog
all|items|icons|name|Diving
all|items|icons|id|roadhog-diving

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Dominion
all|items|icons|id|dominion

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Dragon Dance
all|items|icons|id|dragon-dance

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Dreidel
all|items|icons|id|dreidel

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|id|drop-pod
all|items|icons|name|Drop Pod

all|items|icons|hero|orisa
all|items|icons|name|Efi
all|items|icons|id|orisa-efi

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Egypt
all|items|icons|id|egypt

all|items|icons|name|Elephant
all|items|icons|id|elephant

all|items|icons|hero|reaper
all|items|icons|name|Emblem
all|items|icons|id|reaper-emblem

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|mccree
all|items|icons|name|Equestrian
all|items|icons|id|mccree-equestrian

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Eyeball
all|items|icons|id|eyeball

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|genji
all|items|icons|name|Fencing
all|items|icons|id|genji-fencing

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|lucio
all|items|icons|name|Football
all|items|icons|id|lucio-football

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|For the Alliance
all|items|icons|id|for-the-alliance

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|For the Horde
all|items|icons|id|for-the-horde

all|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
all|items|icons|name|Forge
all|items|icons|id|torbjorn-forge

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Fortune
all|items|icons|id|fortune

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|France
all|items|icons|id|france

all|items|icons|hero|lucio
all|items|icons|name|Frog
all|items|icons|id|lucio-frog

all|items|icons|name|From Beyond the Moon
all|items|icons|id|from-beyond-the-moon

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Fuchimari
all|items|icons|id|fuchimari

all|items|icons|hero|bastion
all|items|icons|name|Ganymede
all|items|icons|id|bastion-ganymede

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|Garrosh
all|items|icons|id|garrosh

all|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
all|items|icons|name|Gears
all|items|icons|id|torbjorn-gears

all|items|icons|hero|genji
all|items|icons|name|Genji
all|items|icons|id|genji-genji

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Germany
all|items|icons|id|germany

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Ghostymari
all|items|icons|id|ghostymari

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Gingerbread
all|items|icons|id|gingerbread

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Gingermari
all|items|icons|id|gingermari

all|items|icons|hero|genji
all|items|icons|name|God of War
all|items|icons|id|genji-god-of-war

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Gold
all|items|icons|id|gold

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
all|items|icons|name|Golf
all|items|icons|id|soldier-76-golf

all|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
all|items|icons|name|Grappling Hook
all|items|icons|id|widowmaker-grappling-hook

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Greece
all|items|icons|id|greece

all|items|icons|hero|mercy
all|items|icons|name|Guardian Angel
all|items|icons|id|mercy-guardian-angel

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
all|items|icons|name|Gymnastics
all|items|icons|id|widowmaker-gymnastics

all|items|icons|hero|sombra
all|items|icons|name|Hacker
all|items|icons|id|sombra-hacker

all|items|icons|hero|mei
all|items|icons|name|Hairpin
all|items|icons|id|mei-hairpin

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Halloween Terror 2016
all|items|icons|id|halloween-terror-2016

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|hero|dva
all|items|icons|name|Hanbok
all|items|icons|id|dva-hanbok

all|items|icons|hero|hanzo
all|items|icons|name|Hanzo
all|items|icons|id|hanzo-hanzo

all|items|icons|name|Happy Squid
all|items|icons|id|happy-squid

all|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
all|items|icons|name|Harmony
all|items|icons|id|zenyatta-harmony

all|items|icons|hero|junkrat
all|items|icons|name|Have a Nice Day!
all|items|icons|id|junkrat-have-a-nice-day

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Have Fish
all|items|icons|id|have-fish

all|items|icons|group|hearthstone
all|items|icons|name|Hearthstone
all|items|icons|id|hearthstone

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Hierarch
all|items|icons|id|hierarch

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Holly
all|items|icons|id|holly

all|items|icons|hero|roadhog
all|items|icons|name|Hook
all|items|icons|id|roadhog-hook

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Hot Cocoa
all|items|icons|id|hot-cocoa

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|Jaina
all|items|icons|id|jaina

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Japan
all|items|icons|id|japan

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Jim
all|items|icons|id|jim

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|hero|tracer
all|items|icons|name|Jingle
all|items|icons|id|tracer-jingle

all|items|icons|hero|junkrat
all|items|icons|name|Junkrat
all|items|icons|id|junkrat-junkrat

all|items|icons|hero|lucio
all|items|icons|name|Kambo
all|items|icons|id|lucio-kambo

all|items|icons|name|Kofi Aromo
all|items|icons|id|kofi-aromo

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
all|items|icons|name|Lacroix
all|items|icons|id|widowmaker-lacroix

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Lantern
all|items|icons|id|lantern

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|Lich King
all|items|icons|id|lich-king

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
all|items|icons|name|Lieutenant
all|items|icons|id|reinhardt-lieutenant

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Lion Dance
all|items|icons|id|lion-dance

all|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
all|items|icons|name|Lionhardt
all|items|icons|id|reinhardt-lionhardt

all|items|icons|name|Loot Box
all|items|icons|id|loot-box

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Lord of Candy
all|items|icons|id|lord-of-candy

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Lord of Terror
all|items|icons|id|lord-of-terror

all|items|icons|name|Los Muertos
all|items|icons|id|los-muertos

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Lucky Pouch
all|items|icons|id|lucky-pouch

all|items|icons|hero|winston
all|items|icons|name|Lunar Ops
all|items|icons|id|winston-lunar-ops

all|items|icons|hero|lucio
all|items|icons|name|Lucio
all|items|icons|id|lucio-lucio

all|items|icons|name|Mama Pig's
all|items|icons|id|mama-pigs

all|items|icons|name|Mariachi
all|items|icons|id|mariachi

all|items|icons|hero|mccree
all|items|icons|name|McCree
all|items|icons|id|mccree-mccree

all|items|icons|name|Mech
all|items|icons|id|mech

all|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
all|items|icons|name|Meditation
all|items|icons|id|zenyatta-meditation

all|items|icons|hero|mei
all|items|icons|name|Mei
all|items|icons|id|mei-mei

all|items|icons|hero|mercy
all|items|icons|name|Mercy
all|items|icons|id|mercy-mercy

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Mexico
all|items|icons|id|mexico

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Mochi
all|items|icons|id|mochi

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Monk
all|items|icons|id|monk

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|hero|winston
all|items|icons|name|Monkey
all|items|icons|id|winston-monkey

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Nepal
all|items|icons|id|nepal

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|New Year Cake
all|items|icons|id|new-year-cake

all|items|icons|group|heroes of the storm
all|items|icons|name|Nexus
all|items|icons|id|nexus

all|items|icons|hero|genji
all|items|icons|name|Nin
all|items|icons|id|genji-nin

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|id|null-sector
all|items|icons|name|Null Sector

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|id|nullmari
all|items|icons|name|Nullmari

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Numbani
all|items|icons|id|numbani

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
all|items|icons|name|Nutcracker
all|items|icons|id|zenyatta-nutcracker

all|items|icons|hero|genji
all|items|icons|name|Oni
all|items|icons|achievement|blizzard
all|items|icons|id|genji-oni

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|id|or14ns
all|items|icons|name|OR14-NS

all|items|icons|hero|orisa
all|items|icons|name|Orisa
all|items|icons|id|orisa-orisa

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Ornament
all|items|icons|id|ornament

all|items|icons|name|Overwatch Dark
all|items|icons|standardItem|true
all|items|icons|id|overwatch-dark

all|items|icons|name|Overwatch Light
all|items|icons|standardItem|true
all|items|icons|id|overwatch-light

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Pachilantern
all|items|icons|id|pachilantern

all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Pachimari
all|items|icons|id|pachimari

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Pachimerry
all|items|icons|id|pachimerry

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Pachireindeer
all|items|icons|id|pachireindeer

all|items|icons|hero|zarya
all|items|icons|name|Particle Barrier
all|items|icons|id|zarya-particle-barrier

all|items|icons|hero|tracer
all|items|icons|name|Patch
all|items|icons|id|tracer-patch

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Peachimari
all|items|icons|id|lunamari

all|items|icons|hero|winston
all|items|icons|name|Peanut Butter
all|items|icons|id|winston-peanut-butter

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Peppermint
all|items|icons|id|peppermint

all|items|icons|hero|pharah
all|items|icons|name|Pharah
all|items|icons|id|pharah-pharah

all|items|icons|name|Pharaoh
all|items|icons|id|pharaoh

all|items|icons|hero|roadhog
all|items|icons|name|Piggy
all|items|icons|id|roadhog-piggy

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|hero|roadhog
all|items|icons|name|Pigsy
all|items|icons|id|roadhog-pigsy

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Present
all|items|icons|id|present

all|items|icons|hero|orisa
all|items|icons|name|Protector
all|items|icons|id|orisa-protector

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Protoss
all|items|icons|id|protoss

all|items|icons|hero|tracer
all|items|icons|name|Pulse Bomb
all|items|icons|id|tracer-pulse-bomb

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Queen of Blades
all|items|icons|id|queen-of-blades

all|items|icons|name|Ramen
all|items|icons|id|ramen

all|items|icons|hero|pharah
all|items|icons|name|Raptora
all|items|icons|id|pharah-raptora

all|items|icons|hero|reaper
all|items|icons|name|Reaper
all|items|icons|id|reaper-reaper

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Red Envelope
all|items|icons|id|red-envelope

all|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
all|items|icons|name|Reinhardt
all|items|icons|id|reinhardt-reinhardt

all|items|icons|name|Rhino
all|items|icons|id|rhino

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|symmetra
all|items|icons|name|Rhythmic Gymnastics
all|items|icons|id|symmetra-rhythmic-gymnastics

all|items|icons|name|Rikimaru
all|items|icons|id|rikimaru

all|items|icons|hero|roadhog
all|items|icons|name|Roadhog
all|items|icons|id|roadhog-roadhog

all|items|icons|name|Route 66
all|items|icons|id|route-66

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Russia
all|items|icons|id|russia

all|items|icons|name|Sakura
all|items|icons|id|sakura

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
all|items|icons|name|Sandy
all|items|icons|id|reinhardt-sandy

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
all|items|icons|name|Santaclad
all|items|icons|id|torbjorn-santaclad

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
all|items|icons|name|Sanzang
all|items|icons|id|zenyatta-sanzang

all|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
all|items|icons|name|Scar
all|items|icons|id|reinhardt-scar

all|items|icons|name|Scooter
all|items|icons|id|scooter

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 1 Competitor
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-1-competitor

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 1 Hero
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-1-hero

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 2 Competitor
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-2-competitor

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 2 Hero
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-2-hero

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 3 Competitor
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-3-competitor

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 3 Hero
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-3-hero

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 4 Competitor
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-4-competitor

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Season 4 Hero
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|season-4-hero

all|items|icons|hero|symmetra
all|items|icons|name|Sentry
all|items|icons|id|symmetra-sentry

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Seollal
all|items|icons|id|seollal

all|items|icons|hero|hanzo
all|items|icons|name|Shimada
all|items|icons|id|hanzo-shimada

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|ana
all|items|icons|name|Shooting
all|items|icons|id|ana-shooting

all|items|icons|name|Siege Mode
all|items|icons|id|siege-mode

all|items|icons|name|Six-Gun Killer
all|items|icons|id|sixgun-killer

all|items|icons|hero|sombra
all|items|icons|name|Skull
all|items|icons|id|sombra-skull

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Snow Globe
all|items|icons|id|snow-globe

all|items|icons|hero|mei
all|items|icons|name|Snowball
all|items|icons|id|mei-snowball

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Snowman
all|items|icons|id|snowman

all|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
all|items|icons|name|Soldier: 76
all|items|icons|id|soldier-76-soldier-76

all|items|icons|hero|sombra
all|items|icons|name|Sombra
all|items|icons|id|sombra-sombra

all|items|icons|hero|reaper
all|items|icons|name|Soul
all|items|icons|id|reaper-soul

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|South Korea
all|items|icons|id|south-korea

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Spider
all|items|icons|id|spider

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Stocking
all|items|icons|id|stocking

all|items|icons|hero|hanzo
all|items|icons|name|Storm
all|items|icons|id|hanzo-storm

all|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
all|items|icons|name|Strike-Commander
all|items|icons|id|soldier-76-strikecommander

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Summer Games 2016
all|items|icons|id|summer-games-2016

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Superstition
all|items|icons|id|superstition

all|items|icons|name|Svyatogor
all|items|icons|id|svyatogor

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Sweden
all|items|icons|id|sweden

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|Switzerland
all|items|icons|id|switzerland

all|items|icons|hero|symmetra
all|items|icons|name|Symmetra
all|items|icons|id|symmetra-symmetra

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|mei
all|items|icons|name|Table Tennis
all|items|icons|id|mei-table-tennis

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
all|items|icons|name|Taekwondo
all|items|icons|id|zenyatta-taekwondo

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Tangerines
all|items|icons|id|tangerines

all|items|icons|hero|bastion
all|items|icons|name|Tank Crossing
all|items|icons|id|bastion-tank-crossing

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Tannenbaum
all|items|icons|id|tannenbaum

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|junkrat
all|items|icons|name|Tennis
all|items|icons|id|junkrat-tennis

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Terran
all|items|icons|id|terran

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|hero|junkrat
all|items|icons|name|The Doctor
all|items|icons|id|junkrat-the-doctor

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|hero|roadhog
all|items|icons|name|The Monster
all|items|icons|id|roadhog-the-monster

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|hero|reaper
all|items|icons|name|The Reaper
all|items|icons|id|reaper-the-reaper

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|hero|mercy
all|items|icons|name|The Witch
all|items|icons|id|mercy-the-witch

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Tombstone
all|items|icons|id|tombstone

all|items|icons|group|competitive
all|items|icons|name|Top 500
all|items|icons|achievement|true
all|items|icons|id|top-500

all|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
all|items|icons|name|Torbjorn
all|items|icons|id|torbjorn-torbjorn

all|items|icons|name|Totem
all|items|icons|id|totem

all|items|icons|hero|tracer
all|items|icons|name|Tracer
all|items|icons|id|tracer-tracer

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|tracer
all|items|icons|name|Track
all|items|icons|id|tracer-track

all|items|icons|name|Training Bot
all|items|icons|id|training-bot

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|United Kingdom
all|items|icons|id|united-kingdom

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|name|United States of America
all|items|icons|id|united-states-of-america

all|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
all|items|icons|id|uprising-2017
all|items|icons|name|Uprising 2017

all|items|icons|hero|mercy
all|items|icons|name|Valkyrie
all|items|icons|id|mercy-valkyrie

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|group|pachi
all|items|icons|name|Vampachimari
all|items|icons|id|vampachimari

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|Varian
all|items|icons|id|varian

all|items|icons|hero|symmetra
all|items|icons|name|Vishkar
all|items|icons|id|symmetra-vishkar

all|items|icons|name|Vivi
all|items|icons|id|vivi

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|winston
all|items|icons|name|Volleyball
all|items|icons|id|winston-volleyball

all|items|icons|hero|pharah
all|items|icons|name|Wadjet
all|items|icons|id|pharah-wadjet

all|items|icons|hero|ana
all|items|icons|name|Watcher
all|items|icons|id|ana-watcher

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
all|items|icons|name|Water Polo
all|items|icons|id|torbjorn-water-polo

all|items|icons|hero|ana
all|items|icons|name|Wedjat
all|items|icons|id|ana-wedjat

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|zarya
all|items|icons|name|Weightlifting
all|items|icons|id|zarya-weightlifting

all|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
all|items|icons|name|Widowmaker
all|items|icons|id|widowmaker-widowmaker

all|items|icons|hero|winston
all|items|icons|name|Winston
all|items|icons|id|winston-winston

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Winter Wonderland 2016
all|items|icons|id|winter-wonderland-2016

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Witch Doctor
all|items|icons|id|witch-doctor

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Witch's Brew
all|items|icons|id|witchs-brew

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Witch's Hat
all|items|icons|id|witchs-hat

all|items|icons|group|diablo
all|items|icons|name|Wizard
all|items|icons|id|wizard

all|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
all|items|icons|name|Wolf
all|items|icons|id|wolf

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|name|Wreath
all|items|icons|id|wreath

all|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
all|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
all|items|icons|name|Wrestling
all|items|icons|id|reinhardt-wrestling

all|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
all|items|icons|name|Year of the Rooster 2017
all|items|icons|id|year-of-the-rooster-2017

all|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
all|items|icons|hero|winston
all|items|icons|name|Yeti
all|items|icons|id|winston-yeti

all|items|icons|group|world of warcraft
all|items|icons|name|You are not prepared
all|items|icons|standardItem|true
all|items|icons|id|you-are-not-prepared

all|items|icons|hero|zarya
all|items|icons|name|Zarya
all|items|icons|id|zarya-zarya

all|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
all|items|icons|name|Zenyatta
all|items|icons|id|zenyatta-zenyatta

all|items|icons|group|starcraft
all|items|icons|name|Zerg
all|items|icons|id|zerg

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Justice delivered
ana|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-justice-delivered

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Children, behave
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-children-behave

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Everyone dies
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-everyone-dies

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|It takes a woman to know
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-it-takes-a-woman-to-know

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Justice rains from above
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-justice-rains-from-above

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Mother knows best
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-mother-knows-best

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|No scope needed
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-no-scope-needed

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|someone to tuck you in?
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-someone-to-tuck-you-in

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|What are you thinking?
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-what-are-you-thinking

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Witness me
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-witness-me

ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|You know nothing
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-you-know-nothing

ana|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Learn from the Pain
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-learn-from-the-pain

ana|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Are you scared?
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-are-you-scared

ana|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|I'm watching out for you
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-im-watching-out-for-you

ana|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|The moon in winter
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-the-moon-in-winter

ana|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|Damn
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-damn

ana|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
ana|items|voicelines|quality|common
ana|items|voicelines|name|The ghost watches
ana|items|voicelines|id|ana-the-ghost-watches

ana|items|icons|hero|ana
ana|items|icons|name|Ana
ana|items|icons|id|ana-ana

ana|items|icons|hero|ana
ana|items|icons|name|Watcher
ana|items|icons|id|ana-watcher

ana|items|icons|hero|ana
ana|items|icons|name|Wedjat
ana|items|icons|id|ana-wedjat

ana|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
ana|items|icons|hero|ana
ana|items|icons|name|Shooting
ana|items|icons|id|ana-shooting

ana|items|emotes|quality|common
ana|items|emotes|name|Heroic
ana|items|emotes|standardItem|true
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-heroic

ana|items|emotes|quality|epic
ana|items|emotes|name|Disapproving
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-disapproving

ana|items|emotes|quality|epic
ana|items|emotes|name|Not impressed
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-not-impressed

ana|items|emotes|quality|epic
ana|items|emotes|name|Protector
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-protector

ana|items|emotes|quality|epic
ana|items|emotes|name|Take a Knee
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-take-a-knee

ana|items|emotes|quality|epic
ana|items|emotes|name|Tea Time
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-tea-time

ana|items|emotes|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
ana|items|emotes|quality|epic
ana|items|emotes|name|Candy
ana|items|emotes|id|ana-candy

ana|items|skins|quality|common
ana|items|skins|name|Classic
ana|items|skins|standardItem|true
ana|items|skins|id|ana-classic

ana|items|skins|quality|rare
ana|items|skins|name|Citrine
ana|items|skins|id|ana-citrine

ana|items|skins|quality|rare
ana|items|skins|name|Garnet
ana|items|skins|id|ana-garnet

ana|items|skins|quality|rare
ana|items|skins|name|Peridot
ana|items|skins|id|ana-peridot

ana|items|skins|quality|rare
ana|items|skins|name|Turquoise
ana|items|skins|id|ana-turquoise

ana|items|skins|quality|epic
ana|items|skins|name|Merciful
ana|items|skins|id|ana-merciful

ana|items|skins|quality|epic
ana|items|skins|name|Shrike
ana|items|skins|id|ana-shrike

ana|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
ana|items|skins|quality|epic
ana|items|skins|name|Ghoul
ana|items|skins|id|ana-ghoul

ana|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
ana|items|skins|quality|epic
ana|items|skins|name|Tal
ana|items|skins|id|ana-tal

ana|items|skins|quality|legendary
ana|items|skins|name|Captain Amari
ana|items|skins|id|ana-captain-amari

ana|items|skins|quality|legendary
ana|items|skins|name|Horus
ana|items|skins|id|ana-horus

ana|items|skins|quality|legendary
ana|items|skins|name|Wadjet
ana|items|skins|id|ana-wadjet

ana|items|skins|quality|legendary
ana|items|skins|name|Wasteland
ana|items|skins|id|ana-wasteland

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Action
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-action

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Ana
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-ana

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Bearer
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-bearer

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Cheer
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-cheer

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Cracked
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-cracked

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Eyepatch
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-eyepatch

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Fareeha
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-fareeha

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Gaze
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-gaze

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Grenade
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-grenade

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Guardian
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-guardian

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Hesitation
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-hesitation

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Icon
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-icon

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Letter
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-letter

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Old Soldier
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-old-soldier

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Overhead
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-overhead

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Photograph
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-photograph

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Rifle
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-rifle

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Shadow
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-shadow

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Shhh
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-shhh

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Sidearm
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-sidearm

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Wedjat
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-wedjat

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Wrist Launcher
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-wrist-launcher

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Zzz
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-zzz

ana|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Shooting
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-shooting

ana|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-trick-or-treat

ana|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Ornament
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-ornament

ana|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Warm
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-warm

ana|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Dance
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-dance

ana|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-dragon-dance

ana|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Newborn
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-newborn

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Cute
ana|items|sprays|achievement|true
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-cute

ana|items|sprays|quality|common
ana|items|sprays|name|Pixel
ana|items|sprays|achievement|true
ana|items|sprays|id|ana-pixel

ana|items|intros|quality|common
ana|items|intros|name|Heroic
ana|items|intros|standardItem|true
ana|items|intros|id|ana-heroic

ana|items|intros|quality|epic
ana|items|intros|name|Guardian
ana|items|intros|id|ana-guardian

ana|items|intros|quality|epic
ana|items|intros|name|Locked On
ana|items|intros|id|ana-locked-on

ana|items|intros|quality|epic
ana|items|intros|name|Shh...
ana|items|intros|id|ana-shh

ana|items|poses|quality|common
ana|items|poses|name|Heroic
ana|items|poses|standardItem|true
ana|items|poses|id|ana-heroic

ana|items|poses|quality|rare
ana|items|poses|name|Mission Complete
ana|items|poses|id|ana-mission-complete

ana|items|poses|quality|rare
ana|items|poses|name|Protector
ana|items|poses|id|ana-protector

ana|items|poses|quality|rare
ana|items|poses|name|Seated
ana|items|poses|id|ana-seated

ana|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
ana|items|poses|quality|rare
ana|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
ana|items|poses|id|ana-rip

ana|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
ana|items|poses|quality|rare
ana|items|poses|name|Toast
ana|items|poses|id|ana-toast

ana|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
ana|items|poses|quality|rare
ana|items|poses|name|Folded hands
ana|items|poses|id|ana-folded-hands

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Following my programming
orisa|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-following-my-programming

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Current outlook
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-current-outlook

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Do you need a hug?
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-do-you-need-a-hug

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Efi will not be happy
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-efi-will-not-be-happy

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Error: sarcasm module
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-error-sarcasm-module

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|I can't do that
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-i-cant-do-that

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Medical assistance
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-medical-assistance

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|My analysis
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-my-analysis

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|No parking
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-no-parking

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Shine your eyes
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-shine-your-eyes

orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|That does not compute
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-that-does-not-compute

orisa|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Error: Division by 0
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-error-division-by-0

orisa|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
orisa|items|voicelines|quality|common
orisa|items|voicelines|name|Functionality still in beta
orisa|items|voicelines|id|orisa-functionality-still-in-beta

orisa|items|icons|hero|orisa
orisa|items|icons|name|Efi
orisa|items|icons|id|orisa-efi

orisa|items|icons|hero|orisa
orisa|items|icons|name|Orisa
orisa|items|icons|id|orisa-orisa

orisa|items|icons|hero|orisa
orisa|items|icons|name|Protector
orisa|items|icons|id|orisa-protector

orisa|items|emotes|quality|common
orisa|items|emotes|name|Heroic
orisa|items|emotes|standardItem|true
orisa|items|emotes|id|orisa-heroic

orisa|items|emotes|quality|epic
orisa|items|emotes|name|Cheer
orisa|items|emotes|id|orisa-cheer

orisa|items|emotes|quality|epic
orisa|items|emotes|name|Halt!
orisa|items|emotes|id|orisa-halt

orisa|items|emotes|quality|epic
orisa|items|emotes|name|Kicking Dirt
orisa|items|emotes|id|orisa-kicking-dirt

orisa|items|skins|quality|common
orisa|items|skins|name|Classic
orisa|items|skins|standardItem|true
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-classic

orisa|items|skins|quality|rare
orisa|items|skins|name|Dawn
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-dawn

orisa|items|skins|quality|rare
orisa|items|skins|name|Plains
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-plains

orisa|items|skins|quality|rare
orisa|items|skins|name|Sunrise
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-sunrise

orisa|items|skins|quality|rare
orisa|items|skins|name|Twilight
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-twilight

orisa|items|skins|quality|epic
orisa|items|skins|name|Camouflage
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-camouflage

orisa|items|skins|quality|epic
orisa|items|skins|name|OR15
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-or15

orisa|items|skins|quality|legendary
orisa|items|skins|name|Carbon Fiber
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-carbon-fiber

orisa|items|skins|quality|legendary
orisa|items|skins|name|Dynastinae
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-dynastinae

orisa|items|skins|quality|legendary
orisa|items|skins|name|Megasoma
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-megasoma

orisa|items|skins|quality|legendary
orisa|items|skins|name|Protector
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-protector

orisa|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
orisa|items|skins|quality|legendary
orisa|items|skins|name|Null Sector
orisa|items|skins|id|orisa-null-sector

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|>_<
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-frustration

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|^_^
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-joy

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Amused
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-amused

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Carving
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-carving

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|City of Harmony
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-city-of-harmony

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Cleaning
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-cleaning

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Companions
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-companions

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Construction
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-construction

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Crossing Guard
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-crossing-guard

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Drumming
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-drumming

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Guardian
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-guardian

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Heroes
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-heroes

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Icon
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-icon

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Just Dessert
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-just-dessert

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Kick
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-kick

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Protector
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-protector

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Shield
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-shield

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Stop
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-stop

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Supercharged
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-supercharged

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Swing
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-swing

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Tracks
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-tracks

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Unmoving
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-unmoving

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Xing
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-xing

orisa|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Flower
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-flower

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Cute
orisa|items|sprays|achievement|true
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-cute

orisa|items|sprays|quality|common
orisa|items|sprays|name|Pixel
orisa|items|sprays|achievement|true
orisa|items|sprays|id|orisa-pixel

orisa|items|intros|quality|common
orisa|items|intros|name|Heroic
orisa|items|intros|standardItem|true
orisa|items|intros|id|orisa-heroic

orisa|items|intros|quality|epic
orisa|items|intros|name|Keeping You Safe
orisa|items|intros|id|orisa-keeping-you-safe

orisa|items|intros|quality|epic
orisa|items|intros|name|Oh!
orisa|items|intros|id|orisa-oh

orisa|items|intros|quality|epic
orisa|items|intros|name|Supercharger
orisa|items|intros|id|orisa-supercharger

orisa|items|poses|quality|common
orisa|items|poses|name|Heroic
orisa|items|poses|standardItem|true
orisa|items|poses|id|orisa-heroic

orisa|items|poses|quality|rare
orisa|items|poses|name|Confident
orisa|items|poses|id|orisa-confident

orisa|items|poses|quality|rare
orisa|items|poses|name|Flex
orisa|items|poses|id|orisa-flex

orisa|items|poses|quality|rare
orisa|items|poses|name|Halt!
orisa|items|poses|id|orisa-halt

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Curious
winston|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-curious

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|...Excuse me
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-excuse-me

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Don't get me angry
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-dont-get-me-angry

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|How embarrassing!
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-how-embarrassing

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|I do not want a banana
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-i-do-not-want-a-banana

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Natural selection
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-natural-selection

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|No monkey business
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-no-monkey-business

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Peanut butter?
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-peanut-butter

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Sorry about that!
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-sorry-about-that

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|The power of science!
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-the-power-of-science

winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|We have a problem
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-we-have-a-problem

winston|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Playtime's over
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-playtimes-over

winston|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|This is not a costume
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-this-is-not-a-costume

winston|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|I... got you something
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-i-got-you-something

winston|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|That was awesome!
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-that-was-awesome

winston|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|Have you seen my glasses?
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-have-you-seen-my-glasses

winston|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
winston|items|voicelines|quality|common
winston|items|voicelines|name|I have the right stuff
winston|items|voicelines|id|winston-i-have-the-right-stuff

winston|items|icons|hero|winston
winston|items|icons|name|Lunar Ops
winston|items|icons|id|winston-lunar-ops

winston|items|icons|hero|winston
winston|items|icons|name|Peanut Butter
winston|items|icons|id|winston-peanut-butter

winston|items|icons|hero|winston
winston|items|icons|name|Winston
winston|items|icons|id|winston-winston

winston|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
winston|items|icons|hero|winston
winston|items|icons|name|Volleyball
winston|items|icons|id|winston-volleyball

winston|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
winston|items|icons|hero|winston
winston|items|icons|name|Yeti
winston|items|icons|id|winston-yeti

winston|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
winston|items|icons|hero|winston
winston|items|icons|name|Monkey
winston|items|icons|id|winston-monkey

winston|items|emotes|quality|common
winston|items|emotes|name|Heroic
winston|items|emotes|standardItem|true
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-heroic

winston|items|emotes|quality|epic
winston|items|emotes|name|Laughing Matter
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-laughing-matter

winston|items|emotes|quality|epic
winston|items|emotes|name|Monkey Business
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-monkey-business

winston|items|emotes|quality|epic
winston|items|emotes|name|Peanut butter?
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-peanut-butter

winston|items|emotes|quality|epic
winston|items|emotes|name|Roar
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-roar

winston|items|emotes|quality|epic
winston|items|emotes|name|Sitting Around
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-sitting-around

winston|items|emotes|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
winston|items|emotes|quality|epic
winston|items|emotes|name|Shadow Puppets
winston|items|emotes|id|winston-shadow-puppets

winston|items|skins|quality|common
winston|items|skins|name|Classic
winston|items|skins|standardItem|true
winston|items|skins|id|winston-classic

winston|items|skins|quality|rare
winston|items|skins|name|Atmosphere
winston|items|skins|id|winston-atmosphere

winston|items|skins|quality|rare
winston|items|skins|name|Banana
winston|items|skins|id|winston-banana

winston|items|skins|quality|rare
winston|items|skins|name|Forest
winston|items|skins|id|winston-forest

winston|items|skins|quality|rare
winston|items|skins|name|Red Planet
winston|items|skins|id|winston-red-planet

winston|items|skins|quality|epic
winston|items|skins|name|Desert
winston|items|skins|id|winston-desert

winston|items|skins|quality|epic
winston|items|skins|name|Horizon
winston|items|skins|id|winston-horizon

winston|items|skins|quality|legendary
winston|items|skins|name|Explorer
winston|items|skins|id|winston-explorer

winston|items|skins|quality|legendary
winston|items|skins|name|Frogston
winston|items|skins|id|winston-frogston

winston|items|skins|quality|legendary
winston|items|skins|name|Safari
winston|items|skins|id|winston-safari

winston|items|skins|quality|legendary
winston|items|skins|name|Undersea
winston|items|skins|id|winston-undersea

winston|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
winston|items|skins|quality|legendary
winston|items|skins|name|Yeti
winston|items|skins|id|winston-yeti

winston|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
winston|items|skins|quality|legendary
winston|items|skins|name|Wukong
winston|items|skins|id|winston-wukong

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Angry
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-angry

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Ape Crossing
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-ape-crossing

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Baby
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-baby

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Banana
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-banana

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Explorer
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-explorer

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Fastball
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-fastball

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Harold
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-harold

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Horizon
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-horizon

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Icon
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-icon

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Lexigrams
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-lexigrams

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Lightning
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-lightning

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Mine!
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-mine

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|PB
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-pb

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Primal Rage
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-primal-rage

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Q.E.D.
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-qed

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Rage
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-rage

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Research
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-research

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Roar
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-roar

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Science!
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-science

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Serious
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-serious

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Swing
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-swing

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|White
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-white

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Wow
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-wow

winston|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Volleyball
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-volleyball

winston|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-trick-or-treat

winston|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Ornament
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-ornament

winston|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Presents
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-presents

winston|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-dragon-dance

winston|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Kite
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-kite

winston|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Building
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-building

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Cute
winston|items|sprays|achievement|true
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-cute

winston|items|sprays|quality|common
winston|items|sprays|name|Pixel
winston|items|sprays|achievement|true
winston|items|sprays|id|winston-pixel

winston|items|intros|quality|common
winston|items|intros|name|Heroic
winston|items|intros|standardItem|true
winston|items|intros|id|winston-heroic

winston|items|intros|quality|epic
winston|items|intros|name|Excuse Me
winston|items|intros|id|winston-excuse-me

winston|items|intros|quality|epic
winston|items|intros|name|Glasses
winston|items|intros|id|winston-glasses

winston|items|intros|quality|epic
winston|items|intros|name|Primal Rage
winston|items|intros|id|winston-primal-rage

winston|items|poses|quality|common
winston|items|poses|name|Heroic
winston|items|poses|standardItem|true
winston|items|poses|id|winston-heroic

winston|items|poses|quality|rare
winston|items|poses|name|Beast
winston|items|poses|id|winston-beast

winston|items|poses|quality|rare
winston|items|poses|name|Glasses
winston|items|poses|id|winston-glasses

winston|items|poses|quality|rare
winston|items|poses|name|The Thinker
winston|items|poses|id|winston-the-thinker

winston|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
winston|items|poses|quality|rare
winston|items|poses|name|Medal
winston|items|poses|id|winston-medal

winston|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
winston|items|poses|quality|rare
winston|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
winston|items|poses|id|winston-rip

winston|items|poses|event|UPRISING_2017
winston|items|poses|quality|rare
winston|items|poses|name|Peanut Butter
winston|items|poses|id|winston-peanut-butter

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Such a lack of imagination
symmetra|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-such-a-lack-of-imagination

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Everything by design
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-everything-by-design

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Exquisite
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-exquisite

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|How unsightly
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-how-unsightly

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|I don't think so
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-i-dont-think-so

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Impressive
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-impressive

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Perfect harmony
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-perfect-harmony

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Precisely
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-precisely

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Put you in your place
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-put-you-in-your-place

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Welcome to my reality
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-welcome-to-my-reality

symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Why do you struggle?
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-why-do-you-struggle

symmetra|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Hard work and dedication
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-hard-work-and-dedication

symmetra|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|A frightening thought
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-a-frightening-thought

symmetra|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|I made you something
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-i-made-you-something

symmetra|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Good fortune
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-good-fortune

symmetra|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Kindly adjust
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-kindly-adjust

symmetra|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
symmetra|items|voicelines|quality|common
symmetra|items|voicelines|name|Taken under advisement
symmetra|items|voicelines|id|symmetra-taken-under-advisement

symmetra|items|icons|hero|symmetra
symmetra|items|icons|name|Sentry
symmetra|items|icons|id|symmetra-sentry

symmetra|items|icons|hero|symmetra
symmetra|items|icons|name|Symmetra
symmetra|items|icons|id|symmetra-symmetra

symmetra|items|icons|hero|symmetra
symmetra|items|icons|name|Vishkar
symmetra|items|icons|id|symmetra-vishkar

symmetra|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
symmetra|items|icons|hero|symmetra
symmetra|items|icons|name|Rhythmic Gymnastics
symmetra|items|icons|id|symmetra-rhythmic-gymnastics

symmetra|items|emotes|quality|common
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Heroic
symmetra|items|emotes|standardItem|true
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-heroic

symmetra|items|emotes|quality|epic
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Clap
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-clap

symmetra|items|emotes|quality|epic
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Flow
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-flow

symmetra|items|emotes|quality|epic
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Have a Seat
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-have-a-seat

symmetra|items|emotes|quality|epic
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Insignificant
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-insignificant

symmetra|items|emotes|quality|epic
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Snicker
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-snicker

symmetra|items|emotes|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
symmetra|items|emotes|quality|epic
symmetra|items|emotes|name|Ribbon
symmetra|items|emotes|id|symmetra-ribbon

symmetra|items|skins|quality|common
symmetra|items|skins|name|Classic
symmetra|items|skins|standardItem|true
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-classic

symmetra|items|skins|quality|rare
symmetra|items|skins|name|Cardamom
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-cardamom

symmetra|items|skins|quality|rare
symmetra|items|skins|name|Hyacinth
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-hyacinth

symmetra|items|skins|quality|rare
symmetra|items|skins|name|Saffron
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-saffron

symmetra|items|skins|quality|rare
symmetra|items|skins|name|Technomancer
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-technomancer

symmetra|items|skins|quality|epic
symmetra|items|skins|name|Regal
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-regal

symmetra|items|skins|quality|epic
symmetra|items|skins|name|Utopaea
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-utopaea

symmetra|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
symmetra|items|skins|quality|epic
symmetra|items|skins|name|Vampire
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-vampire

symmetra|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
symmetra|items|skins|quality|epic
symmetra|items|skins|name|Qipao
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-qipao

symmetra|items|skins|quality|legendary
symmetra|items|skins|name|Architech
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-architech

symmetra|items|skins|quality|legendary
symmetra|items|skins|name|Devi
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-devi

symmetra|items|skins|quality|legendary
symmetra|items|skins|name|Goddess
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-goddess

symmetra|items|skins|quality|legendary
symmetra|items|skins|name|Vishkar
symmetra|items|skins|id|symmetra-vishkar

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Agent
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-agent

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Architect
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-architect

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Behold
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-behold

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Blueprint
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-blueprint

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Builder
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-builder

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Car Wash
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-car-wash

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Caution
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-caution

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Design
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-design

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Glove
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-glove

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Icon
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-icon

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Light
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-light

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Lines
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-lines

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Lotus
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-lotus

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Pose
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-pose

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Projector
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-projector

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Satya
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-satya

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Superior
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-superior

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|The Path
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-the-path

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Vaswani
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-vaswani

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Vishkar
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-vishkar

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Visor
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-visor

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Weaver
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-weaver

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Will
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-will

symmetra|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Rhythmic
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-rhythmic

symmetra|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-trick-or-treat

symmetra|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Ornament
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-ornament

symmetra|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Snowflake
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-snowflake

symmetra|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-dragon-dance

symmetra|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Lantern
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-lantern

symmetra|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Student
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-student

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Cute
symmetra|items|sprays|achievement|true
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-cute

symmetra|items|sprays|quality|common
symmetra|items|sprays|name|Pixel
symmetra|items|sprays|achievement|true
symmetra|items|sprays|id|symmetra-pixel

symmetra|items|intros|quality|common
symmetra|items|intros|name|Heroic
symmetra|items|intros|standardItem|true
symmetra|items|intros|id|symmetra-heroic

symmetra|items|intros|quality|epic
symmetra|items|intros|name|Askew
symmetra|items|intros|id|symmetra-askew

symmetra|items|intros|quality|epic
symmetra|items|intros|name|Dance
symmetra|items|intros|id|symmetra-dance

symmetra|items|intros|quality|epic
symmetra|items|intros|name|My reality
symmetra|items|intros|id|symmetra-my-reality

symmetra|items|intros|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
symmetra|items|intros|quality|epic
symmetra|items|intros|name|Snowflakes
symmetra|items|intros|id|symmetra-snowflakes

symmetra|items|poses|quality|common
symmetra|items|poses|name|Heroic
symmetra|items|poses|standardItem|true
symmetra|items|poses|id|symmetra-heroic

symmetra|items|poses|quality|rare
symmetra|items|poses|name|Balance
symmetra|items|poses|id|symmetra-balance

symmetra|items|poses|quality|rare
symmetra|items|poses|name|Creation
symmetra|items|poses|id|symmetra-creation

symmetra|items|poses|quality|rare
symmetra|items|poses|name|Dance
symmetra|items|poses|id|symmetra-dance

symmetra|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
symmetra|items|poses|quality|rare
symmetra|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
symmetra|items|poses|id|symmetra-rip

symmetra|items|poses|event|UPRISING_2017
symmetra|items|poses|quality|rare
symmetra|items|poses|name|Light Reading
symmetra|items|poses|id|symmetra-light-reading

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Security in my hands
pharah|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-security-in-my-hands

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Aerial superiority achieved
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-aerial-superiority-achieved

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Fly like an egyptian
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-fly-like-an-egyptian

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Flying the friendly skies
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-flying-the-friendly-skies

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Got you on my radar
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-got-you-on-my-radar

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Leave this to a professional
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-leave-this-to-a-professional

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Not a chance
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-not-a-chance

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Play nice, play Pharah
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-play-nice-play-pharah

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Rocket jump?
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-rocket-jump

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Shot down
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-shot-down

pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Sorry, but I need to jet
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-sorry-but-i-need-to-jet

pharah|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|We are in this together
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-we-are-in-this-together

pharah|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Dead or alive
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-dead-or-alive

pharah|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|The forecast
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-the-forecast

pharah|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|I keep the peace
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-i-keep-the-peace

pharah|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|Don't take it personally
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-dont-take-it-personally

pharah|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
pharah|items|voicelines|quality|common
pharah|items|voicelines|name|I am the rocket queen
pharah|items|voicelines|id|pharah-i-am-the-rocket-queen

pharah|items|icons|hero|pharah
pharah|items|icons|name|Pharah
pharah|items|icons|id|pharah-pharah

pharah|items|icons|hero|pharah
pharah|items|icons|name|Raptora
pharah|items|icons|id|pharah-raptora

pharah|items|icons|hero|pharah
pharah|items|icons|name|Wadjet
pharah|items|icons|id|pharah-wadjet

pharah|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
pharah|items|icons|hero|pharah
pharah|items|icons|name|Basketball
pharah|items|icons|id|pharah-basketball

pharah|items|emotes|quality|common
pharah|items|emotes|name|Heroic
pharah|items|emotes|standardItem|true
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-heroic

pharah|items|emotes|quality|epic
pharah|items|emotes|name|Cheer
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-cheer

pharah|items|emotes|quality|epic
pharah|items|emotes|name|Chuckle
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-chuckle

pharah|items|emotes|quality|epic
pharah|items|emotes|name|Flourish
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-flourish

pharah|items|emotes|quality|epic
pharah|items|emotes|name|Knuckles
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-knuckles

pharah|items|emotes|quality|epic
pharah|items|emotes|name|Take a knee
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-take-a-knee

pharah|items|emotes|event|UPRISING_2017
pharah|items|emotes|quality|epic
pharah|items|emotes|name|Flair
pharah|items|emotes|id|pharah-flair

pharah|items|skins|quality|common
pharah|items|skins|name|Classic
pharah|items|skins|standardItem|true
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-classic

pharah|items|skins|quality|rare
pharah|items|skins|name|Amethyst
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-amethyst

pharah|items|skins|quality|rare
pharah|items|skins|name|Copper
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-copper

pharah|items|skins|quality|rare
pharah|items|skins|name|Emerald
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-emerald

pharah|items|skins|quality|rare
pharah|items|skins|name|Titanium
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-titanium

pharah|items|skins|quality|epic
pharah|items|skins|name|Anubis
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-anubis

pharah|items|skins|quality|epic
pharah|items|skins|name|Jackal
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-jackal

pharah|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
pharah|items|skins|quality|epic
pharah|items|skins|name|Possessed
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-possessed

pharah|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
pharah|items|skins|quality|epic
pharah|items|skins|name|Frostbite
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-frostbite

pharah|items|skins|quality|legendary
pharah|items|skins|name|Mechaqueen
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-mechaqueen

pharah|items|skins|quality|legendary
pharah|items|skins|name|Raindancer
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-raindancer

pharah|items|skins|quality|legendary
pharah|items|skins|name|Raptorion
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-raptorion

pharah|items|skins|quality|legendary
pharah|items|skins|name|Thunderbird
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-thunderbird

pharah|items|skins|quality|legendary
pharah|items|skins|name|Security Chief
pharah|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
pharah|items|skins|id|pharah-security-chief

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Aerial Superiority
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-aerial-superiority

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Amari
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-amari

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Ana
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-ana

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Cobra
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-cobra

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Concussive Blast
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-concussive-blast

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Guardian
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-guardian

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Hieroglyph
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-hieroglyph

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Icon
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-icon

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Incoming
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-incoming

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Justice...
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-justice

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|On Guard
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-on-guard

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Play Pharah
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-play-pharah

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Raptora
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-raptora

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Rocket Jump
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-rocket-jump

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Rocket Launcher
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-rocket-launcher

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Salute
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-salute

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Scarab
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-scarab

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Statue
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-statue

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Stone
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-stone

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Tattoo
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-tattoo

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Wedjat
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-wedjat

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Wings
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-wings

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Wrist Launcher
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-wrist-launcher

pharah|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Basketball
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-basketball

pharah|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-trick-or-treat

pharah|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Ice Fishing
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-ice-fishing

pharah|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Ornament
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-ornament

pharah|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-dragon-dance

pharah|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Happy New Year
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-happy-new-year

pharah|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Target Practice
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-target-practice

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Cute
pharah|items|sprays|achievement|true
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-cute

pharah|items|sprays|quality|common
pharah|items|sprays|name|Pixel
pharah|items|sprays|achievement|true
pharah|items|sprays|id|pharah-pixel

pharah|items|intros|quality|common
pharah|items|intros|name|Heroic
pharah|items|intros|standardItem|true
pharah|items|intros|id|pharah-heroic

pharah|items|intros|quality|epic
pharah|items|intros|name|Barrage
pharah|items|intros|id|pharah-barrage

pharah|items|intros|quality|epic
pharah|items|intros|name|Mission Complete
pharah|items|intros|id|pharah-mission-complete

pharah|items|intros|quality|epic
pharah|items|intros|name|Touchdown
pharah|items|intros|id|pharah-touchdown

pharah|items|poses|quality|common
pharah|items|poses|name|Heroic
pharah|items|poses|standardItem|true
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-heroic

pharah|items|poses|quality|rare
pharah|items|poses|name|Guardian
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-guardian

pharah|items|poses|quality|rare
pharah|items|poses|name|Jump Jet
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-jump-jet

pharah|items|poses|quality|rare
pharah|items|poses|name|Kneeling
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-kneeling

pharah|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
pharah|items|poses|quality|rare
pharah|items|poses|name|Medal
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-medal

pharah|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
pharah|items|poses|quality|rare
pharah|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-rip

pharah|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
pharah|items|poses|quality|rare
pharah|items|poses|name|Toast
pharah|items|poses|id|pharah-toast

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Hard work pays off
torbjorn|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-hard-work-pays-off

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|A chicken out of a feather
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-a-chicken-out-of-a-feather

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Completion date?
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-completion-date

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Don't get caught
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-dont-get-caught

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Engineers
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-engineers

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|I'm giving it all I've got!
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-im-giving-it-all-ive-got

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|I'm Swedish!
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-im-swedish

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Leave this to an expert
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-leave-this-to-an-expert

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Let's not buy the pig
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-lets-not-buy-the-pig

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Some assembly required
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-some-assembly-required

torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Working as intended
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-working-as-intended

torbjorn|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|More where that came from
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-more-where-that-came-from

torbjorn|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|If you build it
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-if-you-build-it

torbjorn|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Made to order
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-made-to-order

torbjorn|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Too hot for you?
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-too-hot-for-you

torbjorn|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Just start hammering
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-just-start-hammering

torbjorn|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|voicelines|quality|common
torbjorn|items|voicelines|name|Poor craftsman
torbjorn|items|voicelines|id|torbjorn-poor-craftsman

torbjorn|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|name|Forge
torbjorn|items|icons|id|torbjorn-forge

torbjorn|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|name|Gears
torbjorn|items|icons|id|torbjorn-gears

torbjorn|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|name|Torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|id|torbjorn-torbjorn

torbjorn|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
torbjorn|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|name|Water Polo
torbjorn|items|icons|id|torbjorn-water-polo

torbjorn|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
torbjorn|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|name|Santaclad
torbjorn|items|icons|id|torbjorn-santaclad

torbjorn|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|icons|hero|torbjorn
torbjorn|items|icons|name|Chief Engineer
torbjorn|items|icons|id|torbjorn-chief-engineer

torbjorn|items|emotes|quality|common
torbjorn|items|emotes|name|Heroic
torbjorn|items|emotes|standardItem|true
torbjorn|items|emotes|id|torbjorn-heroic

torbjorn|items|emotes|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|emotes|name|Clicking heels
torbjorn|items|emotes|id|torbjorn-clicking-heels

torbjorn|items|emotes|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|emotes|name|Fisticuffs
torbjorn|items|emotes|id|torbjorn-fisticuffs

torbjorn|items|emotes|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|emotes|name|Guffaw
torbjorn|items|emotes|id|torbjorn-guffaw

torbjorn|items|emotes|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|emotes|name|Overload
torbjorn|items|emotes|id|torbjorn-overload

torbjorn|items|emotes|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|emotes|name|Taking a Break
torbjorn|items|emotes|id|torbjorn-taking-a-break

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|common
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Classic
torbjorn|items|skins|standardItem|true
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-classic

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Bla
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-bla

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Citron
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-citron

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Gron
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-gron

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Plommon
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-plommon

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Cathode
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-cathode

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Woodclad
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-woodclad

torbjorn|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
torbjorn|items|skins|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Tre Kronor
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-tre-kronor

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Barbarossa
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-barbarossa

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Blackbeard
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-blackbeard

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Chopper
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-chopper

torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Deadlock
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-deadlock

torbjorn|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Santaclad
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-santaclad

torbjorn|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Chief Engineer Lindholm
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-chief-engineer-lindholm

torbjorn|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|skins|quality|legendary
torbjorn|items|skins|name|Ironclad
torbjorn|items|skins|id|torbjorn-ironclad

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Armor
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-armor

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Beard
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-beard

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Catch a Ride
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-catch-a-ride

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Chef
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-chef

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Claw
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-claw

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Fix It Up
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-fix-it-up

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Forged
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-forged

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Gears
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-gears

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Get Ready
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-get-ready

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Hammer
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-hammer

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Hot
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-hot

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Icon
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-icon

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Ironclad
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-ironclad

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Kanon
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-kanon

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Mask
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-mask

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Molten Core
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-molten-core

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Ready to Work
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-ready-to-work

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Run!
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-run

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Smalt
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-smalt

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Stoic
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-stoic

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Turret
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-turret

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Turrets
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-turrets

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Uppgradera
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-uppgradera

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Water Polo
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-water-polo

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-trick-or-treat

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Ornament
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-ornament

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Workshop
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-workshop

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-dragon-dance

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Gold
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-gold

torbjorn|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Brigitte
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-brigitte

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Cute
torbjorn|items|sprays|achievement|true
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-cute

torbjorn|items|sprays|quality|common
torbjorn|items|sprays|name|Pixel
torbjorn|items|sprays|achievement|true
torbjorn|items|sprays|id|torbjorn-pixel

torbjorn|items|intros|quality|common
torbjorn|items|intros|name|Heroic
torbjorn|items|intros|standardItem|true
torbjorn|items|intros|id|torbjorn-heroic

torbjorn|items|intros|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|intros|name|In your face
torbjorn|items|intros|id|torbjorn-in-your-face

torbjorn|items|intros|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|intros|name|Refreshing
torbjorn|items|intros|id|torbjorn-refreshing

torbjorn|items|intros|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|intros|name|Ride 'Em
torbjorn|items|intros|id|torbjorn-ride-em

torbjorn|items|intros|event|UPRISING_2017
torbjorn|items|intros|quality|epic
torbjorn|items|intros|name|My Baby
torbjorn|items|intros|id|torbjorn-my-baby

torbjorn|items|poses|quality|common
torbjorn|items|poses|name|Heroic
torbjorn|items|poses|standardItem|true
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-heroic

torbjorn|items|poses|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|poses|name|Hammer
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-hammer

torbjorn|items|poses|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|poses|name|Sitting Pretty
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-sitting-pretty

torbjorn|items|poses|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|poses|name|Take five
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-take-five

torbjorn|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
torbjorn|items|poses|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|poses|name|Medal
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-medal

torbjorn|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
torbjorn|items|poses|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-rip

torbjorn|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
torbjorn|items|poses|quality|rare
torbjorn|items|poses|name|Toast
torbjorn|items|poses|id|torbjorn-toast

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|A single death
widowmaker|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-a-single-death

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Encore?
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-encore

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Let them eat cake
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-let-them-eat-cake

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Look for the woman
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-look-for-the-woman

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Magnifique
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-magnifique

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|One shot, one kill
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-one-shot-one-kill

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Ouh la la
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-ouh-la-la

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Step into my parlor...
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-step-into-my-parlor

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|That's how it is
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-thats-how-it-is

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|To life, to death
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-to-life-to-death

widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|What's an aimbot?
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-whats-an-aimbot

widowmaker|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|I don't miss
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-i-dont-miss

widowmaker|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|The party is over
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-the-party-is-over

widowmaker|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Exquisite
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-exquisite

widowmaker|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|You have my attention
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-you-have-my-attention

widowmaker|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|The performance begins
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-the-performance-begins

widowmaker|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
widowmaker|items|voicelines|quality|common
widowmaker|items|voicelines|name|Your emotions
widowmaker|items|voicelines|id|widowmaker-your-emotions

widowmaker|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
widowmaker|items|icons|name|Baiser
widowmaker|items|icons|id|widowmaker-baiser

widowmaker|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
widowmaker|items|icons|name|Grappling Hook
widowmaker|items|icons|id|widowmaker-grappling-hook

widowmaker|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
widowmaker|items|icons|name|Widowmaker
widowmaker|items|icons|id|widowmaker-widowmaker

widowmaker|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
widowmaker|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
widowmaker|items|icons|name|Gymnastics
widowmaker|items|icons|id|widowmaker-gymnastics

widowmaker|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
widowmaker|items|icons|hero|widowmaker
widowmaker|items|icons|name|Lacroix
widowmaker|items|icons|id|widowmaker-lacroix

widowmaker|items|emotes|quality|common
widowmaker|items|emotes|name|Heroic
widowmaker|items|emotes|standardItem|true
widowmaker|items|emotes|id|widowmaker-heroic

widowmaker|items|emotes|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|emotes|name|At Rest
widowmaker|items|emotes|id|widowmaker-at-rest

widowmaker|items|emotes|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|emotes|name|Curtain Call
widowmaker|items|emotes|id|widowmaker-curtain-call

widowmaker|items|emotes|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|emotes|name|Delighted
widowmaker|items|emotes|id|widowmaker-delighted

widowmaker|items|emotes|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|emotes|name|Shot Dead
widowmaker|items|emotes|id|widowmaker-shot-dead

widowmaker|items|emotes|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|emotes|name|Widow's kiss
widowmaker|items|emotes|id|widowmaker-widows-kiss

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|common
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Classic
widowmaker|items|skins|standardItem|true
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-classic

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Ciel
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-ciel

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Nuit
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-nuit

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Rose
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-rose

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Vert
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-vert

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Patina
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-patina

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Winter
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-winter

widowmaker|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
widowmaker|items|skins|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Tricolore
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-tricolore

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|legendary
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Comtesse
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-comtesse

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|legendary
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Huntress
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-huntress

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|legendary
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Odette
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-odette

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|legendary
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Odile
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-odile

widowmaker|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
widowmaker|items|skins|quality|legendary
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Talon
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-talon

widowmaker|items|skins|quality|legendary
widowmaker|items|skins|name|Noire
widowmaker|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
widowmaker|items|skins|id|widowmaker-noire

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Baiser
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-baiser

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Black Widow
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-black-widow

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Blood
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-blood

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Crouch
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-crouch

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Detected
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-detected

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Emblem
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-emblem

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Gaze
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-gaze

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Hourglass
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-hourglass

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Icon
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-icon

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|In My Sights
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-in-my-sights

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Je Te Vois
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-je-te-vois

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Kneeling
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-kneeling

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|No One Escapes
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-no-one-escapes

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Noire
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-noire

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Portrait
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-portrait

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Scope
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-scope

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Sniper
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-sniper

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Spider
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-spider

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Swing
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-swing

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Une Balle
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-une-balle

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Veuve
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-veuve

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Widow
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-widow

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Widow's Kiss
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-widows-kiss

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Gymnastics
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-gymnastics

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-trick-or-treat

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Ornament
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-ornament

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Skiing
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-skiing

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-dragon-dance

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Hairpin
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-hairpin

widowmaker|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Wedding
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-wedding

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Cute
widowmaker|items|sprays|achievement|true
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-cute

widowmaker|items|sprays|quality|common
widowmaker|items|sprays|name|Pixel
widowmaker|items|sprays|achievement|true
widowmaker|items|sprays|id|widowmaker-pixel

widowmaker|items|intros|quality|common
widowmaker|items|intros|name|Heroic
widowmaker|items|intros|standardItem|true
widowmaker|items|intros|id|widowmaker-heroic

widowmaker|items|intros|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|intros|name|Hanging Around
widowmaker|items|intros|id|widowmaker-hanging-around

widowmaker|items|intros|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|intros|name|I see you...
widowmaker|items|intros|id|widowmaker-i-see-you

widowmaker|items|intros|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|intros|name|Swinging into Action
widowmaker|items|intros|id|widowmaker-swinging-into-action

widowmaker|items|intros|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
widowmaker|items|intros|quality|epic
widowmaker|items|intros|name|Under the Mistletoe
widowmaker|items|intros|id|widowmaker-under-the-mistletoe

widowmaker|items|poses|quality|common
widowmaker|items|poses|name|Heroic
widowmaker|items|poses|standardItem|true
widowmaker|items|poses|id|widowmaker-heroic

widowmaker|items|poses|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|poses|name|Activating Visor
widowmaker|items|poses|id|widowmaker-activating-visor

widowmaker|items|poses|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|poses|name|Gaze
widowmaker|items|poses|id|widowmaker-gaze

widowmaker|items|poses|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|poses|name|Over the Shoulder
widowmaker|items|poses|id|widowmaker-over-the-shoulder

widowmaker|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
widowmaker|items|poses|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|poses|name|Medal
widowmaker|items|poses|id|widowmaker-medal

widowmaker|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
widowmaker|items|poses|quality|rare
widowmaker|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
widowmaker|items|poses|id|widowmaker-rip

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Tick-tock-tick-tock
junkrat|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-ticktockticktock

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|...blow it up again
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-blow-it-up-again

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Anyone want some bbq?
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-anyone-want-some-bbq

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Brrring!
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-brrring

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Coming up explodey!
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-coming-up-explodey

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Happy birthday
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-happy-birthday

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Have a nice day!
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-have-a-nice-day

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|It's the little things
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-its-the-little-things

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Kaboom
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-kaboom

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Ooh, shiny
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-ooh-shiny

junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Smile!
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-smile

junkrat|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|I give it a 10!
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-i-give-it-a-10

junkrat|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Happy Halloween
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-happy-halloween

junkrat|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Merry Christmas
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-merry-christmas

junkrat|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Gong Xi Fa Cai
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-gong-xi-fa-cai

junkrat|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Come the raw prawn
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-come-the-raw-prawn

junkrat|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
junkrat|items|voicelines|quality|common
junkrat|items|voicelines|name|Too right
junkrat|items|voicelines|id|junkrat-too-right

junkrat|items|icons|hero|junkrat
junkrat|items|icons|name|AHHHH!
junkrat|items|icons|id|junkrat-ahhhh

junkrat|items|icons|hero|junkrat
junkrat|items|icons|name|Have a Nice Day!
junkrat|items|icons|id|junkrat-have-a-nice-day

junkrat|items|icons|hero|junkrat
junkrat|items|icons|name|Junkrat
junkrat|items|icons|id|junkrat-junkrat

junkrat|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
junkrat|items|icons|hero|junkrat
junkrat|items|icons|name|Tennis
junkrat|items|icons|id|junkrat-tennis

junkrat|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
junkrat|items|icons|hero|junkrat
junkrat|items|icons|name|The Doctor
junkrat|items|icons|id|junkrat-the-doctor

junkrat|items|emotes|quality|common
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Heroic
junkrat|items|emotes|standardItem|true
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-heroic

junkrat|items|emotes|quality|epic
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Can't deal
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-cant-deal

junkrat|items|emotes|quality|epic
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Juggling
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-juggling

junkrat|items|emotes|quality|epic
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Lounging
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-lounging

junkrat|items|emotes|quality|epic
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Puppet
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-puppet

junkrat|items|emotes|quality|epic
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Vaudeville
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-vaudeville

junkrat|items|emotes|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
junkrat|items|emotes|quality|epic
junkrat|items|emotes|name|Dud?
junkrat|items|emotes|id|junkrat-dud

junkrat|items|skins|quality|common
junkrat|items|skins|name|Classic
junkrat|items|skins|standardItem|true
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-classic

junkrat|items|skins|quality|rare
junkrat|items|skins|name|Bleached
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-bleached

junkrat|items|skins|quality|rare
junkrat|items|skins|name|Drowned
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-drowned

junkrat|items|skins|quality|rare
junkrat|items|skins|name|Irradiated
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-irradiated

junkrat|items|skins|quality|rare
junkrat|items|skins|name|Rusted
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-rusted

junkrat|items|skins|quality|epic
junkrat|items|skins|name|Jailbird
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-jailbird

junkrat|items|skins|quality|epic
junkrat|items|skins|name|Toasted
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-toasted

junkrat|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
junkrat|items|skins|quality|epic
junkrat|items|skins|name|Firework
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-firework

junkrat|items|skins|quality|legendary
junkrat|items|skins|name|Fool
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-fool

junkrat|items|skins|quality|legendary
junkrat|items|skins|name|Hayseed
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-hayseed

junkrat|items|skins|quality|legendary
junkrat|items|skins|name|Jester
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-jester

junkrat|items|skins|quality|legendary
junkrat|items|skins|name|Scarecrow
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-scarecrow

junkrat|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
junkrat|items|skins|quality|legendary
junkrat|items|skins|name|Dr. Junkenstein
junkrat|items|skins|id|junkrat-dr-junkenstein

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|AHHHH!
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-ahhhh

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Bang Bang
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-bang-bang

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Crazy
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-crazy

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Fireball
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-fireball

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Firework
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-firework

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|For You
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-for-you

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Frag
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-frag

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Fuse
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-fuse

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Grin
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-grin

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Icon
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-icon

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Junk
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-junk

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Kaboom!
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-kaboom

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Mad
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-mad

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Mayhem
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-mayhem

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Mine
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-mine

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Minefield
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-minefield

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Rolling
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-rolling

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Smile
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-smile

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Smoke
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-smoke

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Spin
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-spin

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Trapper
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-trapper

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Vroom!!
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-vroom

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Wanted
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-wanted

junkrat|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Tennis
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-tennis

junkrat|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-trick-or-treat

junkrat|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|"WINTER"
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-winter

junkrat|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Ornament
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-ornament

junkrat|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-dragon-dance

junkrat|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|I'm flying!
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-im-flying

junkrat|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Sidecar
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-sidecar

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Cute
junkrat|items|sprays|achievement|true
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-cute

junkrat|items|sprays|quality|common
junkrat|items|sprays|name|Pixel
junkrat|items|sprays|achievement|true
junkrat|items|sprays|id|junkrat-pixel

junkrat|items|intros|quality|common
junkrat|items|intros|name|Heroic
junkrat|items|intros|standardItem|true
junkrat|items|intros|id|junkrat-heroic

junkrat|items|intros|quality|epic
junkrat|items|intros|name|I'm Flying!
junkrat|items|intros|id|junkrat-im-flying

junkrat|items|intros|quality|epic
junkrat|items|intros|name|RIP-Tire
junkrat|items|intros|id|junkrat-riptire

junkrat|items|intros|quality|epic
junkrat|items|intros|name|Unfortunate
junkrat|items|intros|id|junkrat-unfortunate

junkrat|items|intros|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
junkrat|items|intros|quality|epic
junkrat|items|intros|name|Shot Put
junkrat|items|intros|id|junkrat-shot-put

junkrat|items|poses|quality|common
junkrat|items|poses|name|Heroic
junkrat|items|poses|standardItem|true
junkrat|items|poses|id|junkrat-heroic

junkrat|items|poses|quality|rare
junkrat|items|poses|name|It'll Freeze That Way
junkrat|items|poses|id|junkrat-itll-freeze-that-way

junkrat|items|poses|quality|rare
junkrat|items|poses|name|Kneeling
junkrat|items|poses|id|junkrat-kneeling

junkrat|items|poses|quality|rare
junkrat|items|poses|name|Nyah nyah
junkrat|items|poses|id|junkrat-nyah-nyah

junkrat|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
junkrat|items|poses|quality|rare
junkrat|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
junkrat|items|poses|id|junkrat-rip

junkrat|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
junkrat|items|poses|quality|rare
junkrat|items|poses|name|Bad for Your Health
junkrat|items|poses|id|junkrat-bad-for-your-health

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Doo-woo
bastion|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-doowoo

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Beeple
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-beeple

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Boo boo doo de doo
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-boo-boo-doo-de-doo

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Bweeeeeeeeeee
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-bweeeeeeeeeee

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Chirr chirr chirr
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-chirr-chirr-chirr

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|DAH-DAH WEEEEE!
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-dahdah-weeeee

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Dun dun boop boop
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-dun-dun-boop-boop

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Dweet dweet dweet!
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-dweet-dweet-dweet

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Hee hoo hoo
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-hee-hoo-hoo

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Sh-sh-sh
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-shshsh

bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Zwee?
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-zwee

bastion|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|WHOO-VWEEEEEE
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-whoovweeeeee

bastion|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|W-W-Wooooo...?
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-wwwooooo

bastion|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|DWEE DOO HOO
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-dwee-doo-hoo

bastion|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Woop doo woo dun woop
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-woop-doo-woo-dun-woop

bastion|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Dwee Wee Woh
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-dwee-wee-woh

bastion|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
bastion|items|voicelines|quality|common
bastion|items|voicelines|name|Zwee-Ah Wheee Doo Woo
bastion|items|voicelines|id|bastion-zweeah-wheee-doo-woo

bastion|items|icons|hero|bastion
bastion|items|icons|name|Bastion
bastion|items|icons|id|bastion-bastion

bastion|items|icons|hero|bastion
bastion|items|icons|name|Ganymede
bastion|items|icons|id|bastion-ganymede

bastion|items|icons|hero|bastion
bastion|items|icons|name|Tank Crossing
bastion|items|icons|id|bastion-tank-crossing

bastion|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
bastion|items|icons|hero|bastion
bastion|items|icons|name|Boxing
bastion|items|icons|id|bastion-boxing

bastion|items|emotes|quality|common
bastion|items|emotes|name|Heroic
bastion|items|emotes|standardItem|true
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-heroic

bastion|items|emotes|quality|epic
bastion|items|emotes|name|Alert! Alert!
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-alert-alert

bastion|items|emotes|quality|epic
bastion|items|emotes|name|Chortle
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-chortle

bastion|items|emotes|quality|epic
bastion|items|emotes|name|Dizzy
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-dizzy

bastion|items|emotes|quality|epic
bastion|items|emotes|name|Rest Mode
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-rest-mode

bastion|items|emotes|quality|epic
bastion|items|emotes|name|Robot
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-robot

bastion|items|emotes|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
bastion|items|emotes|quality|epic
bastion|items|emotes|name|Boxing
bastion|items|emotes|id|bastion-boxing

bastion|items|skins|quality|common
bastion|items|skins|name|Classic
bastion|items|skins|standardItem|true
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-classic

bastion|items|skins|quality|rare
bastion|items|skins|name|Dawn
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-dawn

bastion|items|skins|quality|rare
bastion|items|skins|name|Meadow
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-meadow

bastion|items|skins|quality|rare
bastion|items|skins|name|Sky
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-sky

bastion|items|skins|quality|rare
bastion|items|skins|name|Soot
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-soot

bastion|items|skins|quality|epic
bastion|items|skins|name|Defense Matrix
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-defense-matrix

bastion|items|skins|quality|epic
bastion|items|skins|name|Omnic Crisis
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-omnic-crisis

bastion|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
bastion|items|skins|quality|epic
bastion|items|skins|name|Tombstone
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-tombstone

bastion|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
bastion|items|skins|quality|epic
bastion|items|skins|name|Rooster
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-rooster

bastion|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
bastion|items|skins|quality|epic
bastion|items|skins|name|Null Sector
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-null-sector

bastion|items|skins|quality|epic
bastion|items|skins|name|BlizzCon 2016
bastion|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-blizzcon-2016

bastion|items|skins|quality|legendary
bastion|items|skins|name|Antique
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-antique

bastion|items|skins|quality|legendary
bastion|items|skins|name|Gearbot
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-gearbot

bastion|items|skins|quality|legendary
bastion|items|skins|name|Steambot
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-steambot

bastion|items|skins|quality|legendary
bastion|items|skins|name|Woodbot
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-woodbot

bastion|items|skins|quality|legendary
bastion|items|skins|name|Overgrown
bastion|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
bastion|items|skins|id|bastion-overgrown

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Action
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-action

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Bird
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-bird

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Birdwatchers
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-birdwatchers

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Black
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-black

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Blocks
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-blocks

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Cannon
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-cannon

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Crisis
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-crisis

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Curious
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-curious

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|e54
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-e54

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Fire At Will
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-fire-at-will

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Flight
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-flight

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Flower Power
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-flower-power

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Ganymede
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-ganymede

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Giant
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-giant

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Icon
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-icon

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|In Repair
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-in-repair

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Nest
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-nest

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Omnic
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-omnic

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Overgrown
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-overgrown

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Recovery
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-recovery

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Retro
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-retro

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Sprout
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-sprout

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Wood and Stone
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-wood-and-stone

bastion|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Boxing
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-boxing

bastion|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-trick-or-treat

bastion|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|FESTIVE
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-festive

bastion|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|ORNAMENT
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-ornament

bastion|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Bast-yum
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-bastyum

bastion|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-dragon-dance

bastion|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Sunken
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-sunken

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Cute
bastion|items|sprays|achievement|true
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-cute

bastion|items|sprays|quality|common
bastion|items|sprays|name|Pixel
bastion|items|sprays|achievement|true
bastion|items|sprays|id|bastion-pixel

bastion|items|intros|quality|common
bastion|items|intros|name|Heroic
bastion|items|intros|standardItem|true
bastion|items|intros|id|bastion-heroic

bastion|items|intros|quality|epic
bastion|items|intros|name|Bullet Rain
bastion|items|intros|id|bastion-bullet-rain

bastion|items|intros|quality|epic
bastion|items|intros|name|Ganymede
bastion|items|intros|id|bastion-ganymede

bastion|items|intros|quality|epic
bastion|items|intros|name|On Guard
bastion|items|intros|id|bastion-on-guard

bastion|items|poses|quality|common
bastion|items|poses|name|Heroic
bastion|items|poses|standardItem|true
bastion|items|poses|id|bastion-heroic

bastion|items|poses|quality|rare
bastion|items|poses|name|Birdwatching
bastion|items|poses|id|bastion-birdwatching

bastion|items|poses|quality|rare
bastion|items|poses|name|Pop Up
bastion|items|poses|id|bastion-pop-up

bastion|items|poses|quality|rare
bastion|items|poses|name|Tank
bastion|items|poses|id|bastion-tank

bastion|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
bastion|items|poses|quality|rare
bastion|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
bastion|items|poses|id|bastion-rip

bastion|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
bastion|items|poses|quality|rare
bastion|items|poses|name|Firework
bastion|items|poses|id|bastion-firework

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|A steady blade
genji|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-a-steady-blade

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Come on!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-come-on

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Damn!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-damn

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|I am prepared!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-i-am-prepared

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Let's fight!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-lets-fight

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Measure twice, cut once
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-measure-twice-cut-once

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|My soul seeks balance
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-my-soul-seeks-balance

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Not good enough
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-not-good-enough

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Simple
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-simple

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Yeah!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-yeah

genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|You are only human
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-you-are-only-human

genji|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|I was hoping for a challenge
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-i-was-hoping-for-a-challenge

genji|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|My Halloween costume?
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-my-halloween-costume

genji|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Merry Christmas!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-merry-christmas

genji|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|To know yourself
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-to-know-yourself

genji|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Another!
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-another

genji|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
genji|items|voicelines|quality|common
genji|items|voicelines|name|Life and death balance
genji|items|voicelines|id|genji-life-and-death-balance

genji|items|icons|hero|genji
genji|items|icons|name|Genji
genji|items|icons|id|genji-genji

genji|items|icons|hero|genji
genji|items|icons|name|God of War
genji|items|icons|id|genji-god-of-war

genji|items|icons|hero|genji
genji|items|icons|name|Nin
genji|items|icons|id|genji-nin

genji|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
genji|items|icons|hero|genji
genji|items|icons|name|Fencing
genji|items|icons|id|genji-fencing

genji|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
genji|items|icons|hero|genji
genji|items|icons|name|Cyborg
genji|items|icons|id|genji-cyborg

genji|items|icons|hero|genji
genji|items|icons|name|Oni
genji|items|icons|achievement|blizzard
genji|items|icons|id|genji-oni

genji|items|emotes|quality|common
genji|items|emotes|name|Heroic
genji|items|emotes|standardItem|true
genji|items|emotes|id|genji-heroic

genji|items|emotes|quality|epic
genji|items|emotes|name|Amusing
genji|items|emotes|id|genji-amusing

genji|items|emotes|quality|epic
genji|items|emotes|name|Challenge
genji|items|emotes|id|genji-challenge

genji|items|emotes|quality|epic
genji|items|emotes|name|Cutting Edge
genji|items|emotes|id|genji-cutting-edge

genji|items|emotes|quality|epic
genji|items|emotes|name|Meditate
genji|items|emotes|id|genji-meditate

genji|items|emotes|quality|epic
genji|items|emotes|name|Salute
genji|items|emotes|id|genji-salute

genji|items|skins|quality|common
genji|items|skins|name|Classic
genji|items|skins|standardItem|true
genji|items|skins|id|genji-classic

genji|items|skins|quality|rare
genji|items|skins|name|Azurite
genji|items|skins|id|genji-azurite

genji|items|skins|quality|rare
genji|items|skins|name|Cinnabar
genji|items|skins|id|genji-cinnabar

genji|items|skins|quality|rare
genji|items|skins|name|Malachite
genji|items|skins|id|genji-malachite

genji|items|skins|quality|rare
genji|items|skins|name|Ochre
genji|items|skins|id|genji-ochre

genji|items|skins|quality|epic
genji|items|skins|name|Carbon Fiber
genji|items|skins|id|genji-carbon-fiber

genji|items|skins|quality|epic
genji|items|skins|name|Chrome
genji|items|skins|id|genji-chrome

genji|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
genji|items|skins|quality|epic
genji|items|skins|name|Nihon
genji|items|skins|id|genji-nihon

genji|items|skins|quality|legendary
genji|items|skins|name|Bedouin
genji|items|skins|id|genji-bedouin

genji|items|skins|quality|legendary
genji|items|skins|name|Nomad
genji|items|skins|id|genji-nomad

genji|items|skins|quality|legendary
genji|items|skins|name|Sparrow
genji|items|skins|id|genji-sparrow

genji|items|skins|quality|legendary
genji|items|skins|name|Young Genji
genji|items|skins|id|genji-young-genji

genji|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
genji|items|skins|quality|legendary
genji|items|skins|name|Blackwatch
genji|items|skins|id|genji-blackwatch

genji|items|skins|quality|legendary
genji|items|skins|name|Oni
genji|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
genji|items|skins|id|genji-oni

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Assassin
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-assassin

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Dragon
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-dragon

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Dragonblade
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-dragonblade

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Draw
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-draw

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Fully Loaded
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-fully-loaded

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|God of War
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-god-of-war

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Green Ninja
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-green-ninja

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Icon
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-icon

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Kaze no Gotoku
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-kaze-no-gotoku

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Lunge
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-lunge

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Nin
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-nin

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Onmyodo
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-onmyodo

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Prepared
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-prepared

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Ryugekiken
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-ryugekiken

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Shimada
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-shimada

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Shuriken
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-shuriken

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Signature
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-signature

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Soul
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-soul

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Stance
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-stance

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Stoic
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-stoic

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Swords
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-swords

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Target Practice
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-target-practice

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Warrior
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-warrior

genji|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Fencing
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-fencing

genji|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-trick-or-treat

genji|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Kadomatsu
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-kadomatsu

genji|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Ornament
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-ornament

genji|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-dragon-dance

genji|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Green Dragon
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-green-dragon

genji|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Ramen
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-ramen

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Cute
genji|items|sprays|achievement|true
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-cute

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Oni
genji|items|sprays|achievement|blizzard
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-oni

genji|items|sprays|quality|common
genji|items|sprays|name|Pixel
genji|items|sprays|achievement|true
genji|items|sprays|id|genji-pixel

genji|items|intros|quality|common
genji|items|intros|name|Heroic
genji|items|intros|standardItem|true
genji|items|intros|id|genji-heroic

genji|items|intros|quality|epic
genji|items|intros|name|Shuriken
genji|items|intros|id|genji-shuriken

genji|items|intros|quality|epic
genji|items|intros|name|Unsheathing the Sword
genji|items|intros|id|genji-unsheathing-the-sword

genji|items|intros|quality|epic
genji|items|intros|name|Warrior's Salute
genji|items|intros|id|genji-warriors-salute

genji|items|intros|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
genji|items|intros|quality|epic
genji|items|intros|name|Pumpkin Carving
genji|items|intros|id|genji-pumpkin-carving

genji|items|poses|quality|common
genji|items|poses|name|Heroic
genji|items|poses|standardItem|true
genji|items|poses|id|genji-heroic

genji|items|poses|quality|rare
genji|items|poses|name|Kneeling
genji|items|poses|id|genji-kneeling

genji|items|poses|quality|rare
genji|items|poses|name|Shuriken
genji|items|poses|id|genji-shuriken

genji|items|poses|quality|rare
genji|items|poses|name|Sword stance
genji|items|poses|id|genji-sword-stance

genji|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
genji|items|poses|quality|rare
genji|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
genji|items|poses|id|genji-rip

genji|items|poses|event|UPRISING_2017
genji|items|poses|quality|rare
genji|items|poses|name|Meditate
genji|items|poses|id|genji-meditate

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|I salute you
reinhardt|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-i-salute-you

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Are you afraid?
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-are-you-afraid

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Bring me another
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-bring-me-another

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Catch phrase!
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-catch-phrase

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Crusader online
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-crusader-online

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Crushing machine
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-crushing-machine

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|German engineering
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-german-engineering

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Honor and glory
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-honor-and-glory

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Respect your elders
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-respect-your-elders

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Show you how it's done
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-show-you-how-its-done

reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|This old dog
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-this-old-dog

reinhardt|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|100% German power
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-100-german-power

reinhardt|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Smashing
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-smashing

reinhardt|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|You're on my naughty list
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-youre-on-my-naughty-list

reinhardt|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Are you chicken?
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-are-you-chicken

reinhardt|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Easy does it
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-easy-does-it

reinhardt|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
reinhardt|items|voicelines|quality|common
reinhardt|items|voicelines|name|Unstoppable
reinhardt|items|voicelines|id|reinhardt-unstoppable

reinhardt|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|name|Lionhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|id|reinhardt-lionhardt

reinhardt|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|name|Reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|id|reinhardt-reinhardt

reinhardt|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|name|Scar
reinhardt|items|icons|id|reinhardt-scar

reinhardt|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reinhardt|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|name|Wrestling
reinhardt|items|icons|id|reinhardt-wrestling

reinhardt|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reinhardt|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|name|Sandy
reinhardt|items|icons|id|reinhardt-sandy

reinhardt|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
reinhardt|items|icons|hero|reinhardt
reinhardt|items|icons|name|Lieutenant
reinhardt|items|icons|id|reinhardt-lieutenant

reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|common
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Heroic
reinhardt|items|emotes|standardItem|true
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-heroic

reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Flex
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-flex

reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Kneel
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-kneel

reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Taunt
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-taunt

reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Uproarious
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-uproarious

reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Warrior's Salute
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-warriors-salute

reinhardt|items|emotes|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reinhardt|items|emotes|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|emotes|name|Pumpkin Smash
reinhardt|items|emotes|id|reinhardt-pumpkin-smash

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|common
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Classic
reinhardt|items|skins|standardItem|true
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-classic

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Brass
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-brass

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Cobalt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-cobalt

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Copper
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-copper

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Viridian
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-viridian

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Bundeswehr
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-bundeswehr

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Paragon
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-paragon

reinhardt|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reinhardt|items|skins|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Coldhardt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-coldhardt

reinhardt|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
reinhardt|items|skins|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Lieutenant Wilhelm
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-lieutenant-wilhelm

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Balderich
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-balderich

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Blackhardt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-blackhardt

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Bloodhardt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-bloodhardt

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Greifhardt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-greifhardt

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Lionhardt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-lionhardt

reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Stonehardt
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-stonehardt

reinhardt|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reinhardt|items|skins|quality|legendary
reinhardt|items|skins|name|Wujing
reinhardt|items|skins|id|reinhardt-wujing

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Barrier
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-barrier

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Charge
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-charge

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Cracks
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-cracks

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Crusader
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-crusader

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Earthshatter
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-earthshatter

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Emblem
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-emblem

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Fire Strike
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-fire-strike

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Glorious
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-glorious

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Hammer Down
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-hammer-down

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Helm
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-helm

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Honor
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-honor

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Icon
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-icon

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Knight
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-knight

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Lion
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-lion

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Roar
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-roar

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Royal
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-royal

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Shield Up
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-shield-up

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Stein
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-stein

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Swing
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-swing

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Vigilant
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-vigilant

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|White
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-white

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Wilhelm
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-wilhelm

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Wrestle
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-wrestle

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Wrestling
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-wrestling

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-trick-or-treat

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Ice Fishing
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-ice-fishing

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Ornament
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-ornament

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-dragon-dance

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Lion Dance
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-lion-dance

reinhardt|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Poster
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-poster

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Cute
reinhardt|items|sprays|achievement|true
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-cute

reinhardt|items|sprays|quality|common
reinhardt|items|sprays|name|Pixel
reinhardt|items|sprays|achievement|true
reinhardt|items|sprays|id|reinhardt-pixel

reinhardt|items|intros|quality|common
reinhardt|items|intros|name|Heroic
reinhardt|items|intros|standardItem|true
reinhardt|items|intros|id|reinhardt-heroic

reinhardt|items|intros|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|intros|name|CHARGE
reinhardt|items|intros|id|reinhardt-charge

reinhardt|items|intros|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|intros|name|Hammer Down
reinhardt|items|intros|id|reinhardt-hammer-down

reinhardt|items|intros|quality|epic
reinhardt|items|intros|name|More stretching required
reinhardt|items|intros|id|reinhardt-more-stretching-required

reinhardt|items|poses|quality|common
reinhardt|items|poses|name|Heroic
reinhardt|items|poses|standardItem|true
reinhardt|items|poses|id|reinhardt-heroic

reinhardt|items|poses|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|poses|name|Confident
reinhardt|items|poses|id|reinhardt-confident

reinhardt|items|poses|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|poses|name|Flex
reinhardt|items|poses|id|reinhardt-flex

reinhardt|items|poses|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|poses|name|Legendary
reinhardt|items|poses|id|reinhardt-legendary

reinhardt|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reinhardt|items|poses|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
reinhardt|items|poses|id|reinhardt-rip

reinhardt|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reinhardt|items|poses|quality|rare
reinhardt|items|poses|name|Toast
reinhardt|items|poses|id|reinhardt-toast

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|To the rhythm
lucio|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-to-the-rhythm

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Can't stop, won't stop
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-cant-stop-wont-stop

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Hit me!
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-hit-me

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|I could do this all day
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-i-could-do-this-all-day

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|I'm on top of the world
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-im-on-top-of-the-world

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Jackpot!
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-jackpot

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Not hearing that noise
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-not-hearing-that-noise

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Oh, yeah!
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-oh-yeah

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Tinnitus
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-tinnitus

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Why are you so angry?
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-why-are-you-so-angry

lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|You gotta believe!
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-you-gotta-believe

lucio|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Be champions
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-be-champions

lucio|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Killed it!
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-killed-it

lucio|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Happy holidays!
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-happy-holidays

lucio|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|I make this look good...
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-i-make-this-look-good

lucio|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Boop
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-boop

lucio|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
lucio|items|voicelines|quality|common
lucio|items|voicelines|name|Learn to take it easy
lucio|items|voicelines|id|lucio-learn-to-take-it-easy

lucio|items|icons|hero|lucio
lucio|items|icons|name|Frog
lucio|items|icons|id|lucio-frog

lucio|items|icons|hero|lucio
lucio|items|icons|name|Kambo
lucio|items|icons|id|lucio-kambo

lucio|items|icons|hero|lucio
lucio|items|icons|name|Lucio
lucio|items|icons|id|lucio-lucio

lucio|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|icons|hero|lucio
lucio|items|icons|name|Football
lucio|items|icons|id|lucio-football

lucio|items|emotes|quality|common
lucio|items|emotes|name|Heroic
lucio|items|emotes|standardItem|true
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-heroic

lucio|items|emotes|quality|epic
lucio|items|emotes|name|Capoeira
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-capoeira

lucio|items|emotes|quality|epic
lucio|items|emotes|name|Chilling
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-chilling

lucio|items|emotes|quality|epic
lucio|items|emotes|name|In the Groove
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-in-the-groove

lucio|items|emotes|quality|epic
lucio|items|emotes|name|Knee Slapper
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-knee-slapper

lucio|items|emotes|quality|epic
lucio|items|emotes|name|Nah!
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-nah

lucio|items|emotes|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|emotes|quality|epic
lucio|items|emotes|name|Juggle
lucio|items|emotes|id|lucio-juggle

lucio|items|skins|quality|common
lucio|items|skins|name|Classic
lucio|items|skins|standardItem|true
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-classic

lucio|items|skins|quality|rare
lucio|items|skins|name|Azul
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-azul

lucio|items|skins|quality|rare
lucio|items|skins|name|Laranja
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-laranja

lucio|items|skins|quality|rare
lucio|items|skins|name|Roxo
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-roxo

lucio|items|skins|quality|rare
lucio|items|skins|name|Vermelho
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-vermelho

lucio|items|skins|quality|epic
lucio|items|skins|name|Auditiva
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-auditiva

lucio|items|skins|quality|epic
lucio|items|skins|name|Synaesthesia
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-synaesthesia

lucio|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
lucio|items|skins|quality|epic
lucio|items|skins|name|Andes
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-andes

lucio|items|skins|quality|legendary
lucio|items|skins|name|Breakaway
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-breakaway

lucio|items|skins|quality|legendary
lucio|items|skins|name|Hippityhop
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-hippityhop

lucio|items|skins|quality|legendary
lucio|items|skins|name|Ribbit
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-ribbit

lucio|items|skins|quality|legendary
lucio|items|skins|name|Slapshot
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-slapshot

lucio|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|skins|quality|legendary
lucio|items|skins|name|Selecao
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-selecao

lucio|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|skins|quality|legendary
lucio|items|skins|name|Striker
lucio|items|skins|id|lucio-striker

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Acelerar
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-acelerar

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Baixo
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-baixo

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Bass
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-bass

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Break It Down
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-break-it-down

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Cereal
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-cereal

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Confident
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-confident

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Deck
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-deck

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Frog
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-frog

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Grin
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-grin

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Hero
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-hero

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Icon
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-icon

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|In Concert
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-in-concert

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Kambo
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-kambo

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Mural
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-mural

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Scratch
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-scratch

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Signature
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-signature

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Spin
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-spin

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Tag
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-tag

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Triplo
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-triplo

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Under Control
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-under-control

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Vinyl
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-vinyl

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Walk of Fame
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-walk-of-fame

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Wave
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-wave

lucio|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Football
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-football

lucio|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-trick-or-treat

lucio|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Hockey
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-hockey

lucio|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Ornament
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-ornament

lucio|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-dragon-dance

lucio|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Keep Ups
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-keep-ups

lucio|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Skates
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-skates

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Cute
lucio|items|sprays|achievement|true
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-cute

lucio|items|sprays|quality|common
lucio|items|sprays|name|Pixel
lucio|items|sprays|achievement|true
lucio|items|sprays|id|lucio-pixel

lucio|items|intros|quality|common
lucio|items|intros|name|Heroic
lucio|items|intros|standardItem|true
lucio|items|intros|id|lucio-heroic

lucio|items|intros|quality|epic
lucio|items|intros|name|Drop the beat
lucio|items|intros|id|lucio-drop-the-beat

lucio|items|intros|quality|epic
lucio|items|intros|name|Freestyle
lucio|items|intros|id|lucio-freestyle

lucio|items|intros|quality|epic
lucio|items|intros|name|In the Groove
lucio|items|intros|id|lucio-in-the-groove

lucio|items|intros|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
lucio|items|intros|quality|epic
lucio|items|intros|name|Bicycle Kick
lucio|items|intros|id|lucio-bicycle-kick

lucio|items|poses|quality|common
lucio|items|poses|name|Heroic
lucio|items|poses|standardItem|true
lucio|items|poses|id|lucio-heroic

lucio|items|poses|quality|rare
lucio|items|poses|name|Confident
lucio|items|poses|id|lucio-confident

lucio|items|poses|quality|rare
lucio|items|poses|name|Grooving
lucio|items|poses|id|lucio-grooving

lucio|items|poses|quality|rare
lucio|items|poses|name|Ready for Action
lucio|items|poses|id|lucio-ready-for-action

lucio|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
lucio|items|poses|quality|rare
lucio|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
lucio|items|poses|id|lucio-rip

lucio|items|poses|event|UPRISING_2017
lucio|items|poses|quality|rare
lucio|items|poses|name|Handstand
lucio|items|poses|id|lucio-handstand

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Strong as the mountain
zarya|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-strong-as-the-mountain

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Get down, give me 20
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-get-down-give-me-20

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|I am Mother Russia
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-i-am-mother-russia

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|I can bench more than you
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-i-can-bench-more-than-you

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|I will break you
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-i-will-break-you

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|In Russia, game plays you
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-in-russia-game-plays-you

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Need personal training?
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-need-personal-training

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|No mercy
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-no-mercy

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Siberian bear
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-siberian-bear

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Together we are strong
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-together-we-are-strong

zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Welcome to the gun show
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-welcome-to-the-gun-show

zarya|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|No pain, no gain
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-no-pain-no-gain

zarya|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Never forget the fallen
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-never-forget-the-fallen

zarya|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|For the Motherland
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-for-the-motherland

zarya|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Get pumped
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-get-pumped

zarya|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|I was born in battle
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-i-was-born-in-battle

zarya|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
zarya|items|voicelines|quality|common
zarya|items|voicelines|name|Ready to give up?
zarya|items|voicelines|id|zarya-ready-to-give-up

zarya|items|icons|hero|zarya
zarya|items|icons|name|512
zarya|items|icons|id|zarya-512

zarya|items|icons|hero|zarya
zarya|items|icons|name|Particle Barrier
zarya|items|icons|id|zarya-particle-barrier

zarya|items|icons|hero|zarya
zarya|items|icons|name|Zarya
zarya|items|icons|id|zarya-zarya

zarya|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zarya|items|icons|hero|zarya
zarya|items|icons|name|Weightlifting
zarya|items|icons|id|zarya-weightlifting

zarya|items|emotes|quality|common
zarya|items|emotes|name|Heroic
zarya|items|emotes|standardItem|true
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-heroic

zarya|items|emotes|quality|epic
zarya|items|emotes|name|Bring It On
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-bring-it-on

zarya|items|emotes|quality|epic
zarya|items|emotes|name|Comedy gold
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-comedy-gold

zarya|items|emotes|quality|epic
zarya|items|emotes|name|Crush You
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-crush-you

zarya|items|emotes|quality|epic
zarya|items|emotes|name|Pumping Iron
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-pumping-iron

zarya|items|emotes|quality|epic
zarya|items|emotes|name|Take a Knee
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-take-a-knee

zarya|items|emotes|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zarya|items|emotes|quality|legendary
zarya|items|emotes|name|Mystery Gift
zarya|items|emotes|id|zarya-mystery-gift

zarya|items|skins|quality|common
zarya|items|skins|name|Classic
zarya|items|skins|standardItem|true
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-classic

zarya|items|skins|quality|rare
zarya|items|skins|name|Brick
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-brick

zarya|items|skins|quality|rare
zarya|items|skins|name|Goldenrod
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-goldenrod

zarya|items|skins|quality|rare
zarya|items|skins|name|Taiga
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-taiga

zarya|items|skins|quality|rare
zarya|items|skins|name|Violet
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-violet

zarya|items|skins|quality|epic
zarya|items|skins|name|Dawn
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-dawn

zarya|items|skins|quality|epic
zarya|items|skins|name|Midnight
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-midnight

zarya|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zarya|items|skins|quality|epic
zarya|items|skins|name|Frosted
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-frosted

zarya|items|skins|quality|legendary
zarya|items|skins|name|Arctic
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-arctic

zarya|items|skins|quality|legendary
zarya|items|skins|name|Cybergoth
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-cybergoth

zarya|items|skins|quality|legendary
zarya|items|skins|name|Industrial
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-industrial

zarya|items|skins|quality|legendary
zarya|items|skins|name|Siberian Front
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-siberian-front

zarya|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zarya|items|skins|quality|legendary
zarya|items|skins|name|Champion
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-champion

zarya|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zarya|items|skins|quality|legendary
zarya|items|skins|name|Weightlifter
zarya|items|skins|id|zarya-weightlifter

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|512
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-512

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Alexandra
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-alexandra

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Avenger
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-avenger

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Barrier
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-barrier

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Bear
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-bear

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Cannon
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-cannon

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Champion
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-champion

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Defender
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-defender

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Focused
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-focused

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|For the People
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-for-the-people

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Gun Show
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-gun-show

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Icon
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-icon

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Lift
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-lift

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Pink
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-pink

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Pumped
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-pumped

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Shield
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-shield

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Smile
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-smile

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Strength
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-strength

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Surge
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-surge

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Tobelstein
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-tobelstein

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|We Are Strong
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-we-are-strong

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Weights
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-weights

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Wrestle
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-wrestle

zarya|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Weightlifting
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-weightlifting

zarya|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-trick-or-treat

zarya|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Matryoshka
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-matryoshka

zarya|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Ornament
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-ornament

zarya|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Calories
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-calories

zarya|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-dragon-dance

zarya|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|We can!
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-we-can

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Cute
zarya|items|sprays|achievement|true
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-cute

zarya|items|sprays|quality|common
zarya|items|sprays|name|Pixel
zarya|items|sprays|achievement|true
zarya|items|sprays|id|zarya-pixel

zarya|items|intros|quality|common
zarya|items|intros|name|Heroic
zarya|items|intros|standardItem|true
zarya|items|intros|id|zarya-heroic

zarya|items|intros|quality|epic
zarya|items|intros|name|DEADLIFT
zarya|items|intros|id|zarya-deadlift

zarya|items|intros|quality|epic
zarya|items|intros|name|Maximum Charge
zarya|items|intros|id|zarya-maximum-charge

zarya|items|intros|quality|epic
zarya|items|intros|name|This Is Strength
zarya|items|intros|id|zarya-this-is-strength

zarya|items|poses|quality|common
zarya|items|poses|name|Heroic
zarya|items|poses|standardItem|true
zarya|items|poses|id|zarya-heroic

zarya|items|poses|quality|rare
zarya|items|poses|name|Casual
zarya|items|poses|id|zarya-casual

zarya|items|poses|quality|rare
zarya|items|poses|name|Check out this gun
zarya|items|poses|id|zarya-check-out-this-gun

zarya|items|poses|quality|rare
zarya|items|poses|name|Flexing
zarya|items|poses|id|zarya-flexing

zarya|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zarya|items|poses|quality|rare
zarya|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
zarya|items|poses|id|zarya-rip

zarya|items|poses|event|UPRISING_2017
zarya|items|poses|quality|rare
zarya|items|poses|name|This is strength
zarya|items|poses|id|zarya-this-is-strength

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Watch and learn
mccree|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-watch-and-learn

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Ain't I killed you before
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-aint-i-killed-you-before

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Happens to the best of us
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-happens-to-the-best-of-us

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|I tried being reasonable
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-i-tried-being-reasonable

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|I'm the quick...
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-im-the-quick

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|I'm your huckleberry
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-im-your-huckleberry

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|I've got a bullet...
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-ive-got-a-bullet

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Reach for the sky
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-reach-for-the-sky

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Sure as hell ain't ugly
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-sure-as-hell-aint-ugly

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Wanted: dead or alive
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-wanted-dead-or-alive

mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|You done?
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-you-done

mccree|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|I don't much like losing
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-i-dont-much-like-losing

mccree|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|It's your funeral
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-its-your-funeral

mccree|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Had to break the ice
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-had-to-break-the-ice

mccree|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|Calls for a celebration
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-calls-for-a-celebration

mccree|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|A man's gotta have rules
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-a-mans-gotta-have-rules

mccree|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
mccree|items|voicelines|quality|common
mccree|items|voicelines|name|The old fashioned way
mccree|items|voicelines|id|mccree-the-old-fashioned-way

mccree|items|icons|hero|mccree
mccree|items|icons|name|Badge
mccree|items|icons|id|mccree-badge

mccree|items|icons|hero|mccree
mccree|items|icons|name|Deadeye
mccree|items|icons|id|mccree-deadeye

mccree|items|icons|hero|mccree
mccree|items|icons|name|McCree
mccree|items|icons|id|mccree-mccree

mccree|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mccree|items|icons|hero|mccree
mccree|items|icons|name|Equestrian
mccree|items|icons|id|mccree-equestrian

mccree|items|emotes|quality|common
mccree|items|emotes|name|Heroic
mccree|items|emotes|standardItem|true
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-heroic

mccree|items|emotes|quality|epic
mccree|items|emotes|name|Gunspinning
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-gunspinning

mccree|items|emotes|quality|epic
mccree|items|emotes|name|Hat Tip
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-hat-tip

mccree|items|emotes|quality|epic
mccree|items|emotes|name|Joker
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-joker

mccree|items|emotes|quality|epic
mccree|items|emotes|name|Spit
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-spit

mccree|items|emotes|quality|epic
mccree|items|emotes|name|Take a load off
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-take-a-load-off

mccree|items|emotes|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mccree|items|emotes|quality|epic
mccree|items|emotes|name|Hat Trick
mccree|items|emotes|id|mccree-hat-trick

mccree|items|skins|quality|common
mccree|items|skins|name|Classic
mccree|items|skins|standardItem|true
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-classic

mccree|items|skins|quality|rare
mccree|items|skins|name|Ebony
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-ebony

mccree|items|skins|quality|rare
mccree|items|skins|name|Lake
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-lake

mccree|items|skins|quality|rare
mccree|items|skins|name|Sage
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-sage

mccree|items|skins|quality|rare
mccree|items|skins|name|Wheat
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-wheat

mccree|items|skins|quality|epic
mccree|items|skins|name|On the Range
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-on-the-range

mccree|items|skins|quality|epic
mccree|items|skins|name|White Hat
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-white-hat

mccree|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mccree|items|skins|quality|epic
mccree|items|skins|name|American
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-american

mccree|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mccree|items|skins|quality|epic
mccree|items|skins|name|Scrooge
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-scrooge

mccree|items|skins|quality|legendary
mccree|items|skins|name|Gambler
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-gambler

mccree|items|skins|quality|legendary
mccree|items|skins|name|Mystery Man
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-mystery-man

mccree|items|skins|quality|legendary
mccree|items|skins|name|Riverboat
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-riverboat

mccree|items|skins|quality|legendary
mccree|items|skins|name|Vigilante
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-vigilante

mccree|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
mccree|items|skins|quality|legendary
mccree|items|skins|name|Blackwatch
mccree|items|skins|id|mccree-blackwatch

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Badge
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-badge

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|BAMF
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-bamf

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Bang!
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-bang

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Buckle
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-buckle

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Bullet
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-bullet

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Deadeye
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-deadeye

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Draw
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-draw

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Enigma
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-enigma

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Gunslinger
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-gunslinger

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|High Noon
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-high-noon

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Icon
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-icon

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Jesse
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-jesse

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Noose
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-noose

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Outlaw
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-outlaw

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Skull
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-skull

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Spin
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-spin

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Take It Easy
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-take-it-easy

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Target
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-target

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|The Name's
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-the-names

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Thumbs Up
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-thumbs-up

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Tumbleweed
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-tumbleweed

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Wanted
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-wanted

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Your Face Here
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-your-face-here

mccree|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Equestrian
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-equestrian

mccree|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-trick-or-treat

mccree|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Ornament
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-ornament

mccree|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Ugly Sweater
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-ugly-sweater

mccree|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Call It
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-call-it

mccree|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-dragon-dance

mccree|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Target Practice
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-target-practice

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Cute
mccree|items|sprays|achievement|true
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-cute

mccree|items|sprays|quality|common
mccree|items|sprays|name|Pixel
mccree|items|sprays|achievement|true
mccree|items|sprays|id|mccree-pixel

mccree|items|intros|quality|common
mccree|items|intros|name|Heroic
mccree|items|intros|standardItem|true
mccree|items|intros|id|mccree-heroic

mccree|items|intros|quality|epic
mccree|items|intros|name|Rolling into Action
mccree|items|intros|id|mccree-rolling-into-action

mccree|items|intros|quality|epic
mccree|items|intros|name|The Duel
mccree|items|intros|id|mccree-the-duel

mccree|items|intros|quality|epic
mccree|items|intros|name|The name's McCree
mccree|items|intros|id|mccree-the-names-mccree

mccree|items|poses|quality|common
mccree|items|poses|name|Heroic
mccree|items|poses|standardItem|true
mccree|items|poses|id|mccree-heroic

mccree|items|poses|quality|rare
mccree|items|poses|name|Contemplative
mccree|items|poses|id|mccree-contemplative

mccree|items|poses|quality|rare
mccree|items|poses|name|Over the Shoulder
mccree|items|poses|id|mccree-over-the-shoulder

mccree|items|poses|quality|rare
mccree|items|poses|name|Take it easy
mccree|items|poses|id|mccree-take-it-easy

mccree|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mccree|items|poses|quality|rare
mccree|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
mccree|items|poses|id|mccree-rip

mccree|items|poses|event|UPRISING_2017
mccree|items|poses|quality|rare
mccree|items|poses|name|Showdown
mccree|items|poses|id|mccree-showdown

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Hang in there
mei|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-hang-in-there

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|A-Mei-zing!
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-ameizing

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Chill out!
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-chill-out

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Fight for our world
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-fight-for-our-world

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Learned your lesson
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-learned-your-lesson

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Okay!
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-okay

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Ouch, are you okay?
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-ouch-are-you-okay

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Sorry sorry sorry sorry
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|That was great
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-that-was-great

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Yay!
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-yay

mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|You have to let it go
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-you-have-to-let-it-go

mei|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Overcome all obstacles
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-overcome-all-obstacles

mei|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Scary!
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-scary

mei|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|I got you something!
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-i-got-you-something

mei|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Wishing you prosperity
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-wishing-you-prosperity

mei|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Science this
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-science-this

mei|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
mei|items|voicelines|quality|common
mei|items|voicelines|name|Scientific explanation
mei|items|voicelines|id|mei-scientific-explanation

mei|items|icons|hero|mei
mei|items|icons|name|Hairpin
mei|items|icons|id|mei-hairpin

mei|items|icons|hero|mei
mei|items|icons|name|Mei
mei|items|icons|id|mei-mei

mei|items|icons|hero|mei
mei|items|icons|name|Snowball
mei|items|icons|id|mei-snowball

mei|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mei|items|icons|hero|mei
mei|items|icons|name|Table Tennis
mei|items|icons|id|mei-table-tennis

mei|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|icons|hero|mei
mei|items|icons|name|Chang'e
mei|items|icons|id|mei-change

mei|items|emotes|quality|common
mei|items|emotes|name|Heroic
mei|items|emotes|standardItem|true
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-heroic

mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|Companion
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-companion

mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|Giggle
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-giggle

mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|Kneel
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-kneel

mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|Spray
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-spray

mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|Yaaaaaaaaay!
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-yaaaaaaaaay

mei|items|emotes|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|Snowman
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-snowman

mei|items|emotes|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|emotes|quality|epic
mei|items|emotes|name|So Excited
mei|items|emotes|id|mei-so-excited

mei|items|skins|quality|common
mei|items|skins|name|Classic
mei|items|skins|standardItem|true
mei|items|skins|id|mei-classic

mei|items|skins|quality|rare
mei|items|skins|name|Chrysanthemum
mei|items|skins|id|mei-chrysanthemum

mei|items|skins|quality|rare
mei|items|skins|name|Heliotrope
mei|items|skins|id|mei-heliotrope

mei|items|skins|quality|rare
mei|items|skins|name|Jade
mei|items|skins|id|mei-jade

mei|items|skins|quality|rare
mei|items|skins|name|Persimmon
mei|items|skins|id|mei-persimmon

mei|items|skins|quality|epic
mei|items|skins|name|Earthen
mei|items|skins|id|mei-earthen

mei|items|skins|quality|epic
mei|items|skins|name|Snow Plum
mei|items|skins|id|mei-snow-plum

mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Abominable
mei|items|skins|id|mei-abominable

mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Firefighter
mei|items|skins|id|mei-firefighter

mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Rescue Mei
mei|items|skins|id|mei-rescue-mei

mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Yeti Hunter
mei|items|skins|id|mei-yeti-hunter

mei|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Mei-rry
mei|items|skins|id|mei-meirry

mei|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Chang'e
mei|items|skins|id|mei-change

mei|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|skins|quality|legendary
mei|items|skins|name|Luna
mei|items|skins|id|mei-luna

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|>_<
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-frustration

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|^_^
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-joy

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Beat the Heat
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-beat-the-heat

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Blaster
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-blaster

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Carefree
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-carefree

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Casual
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-casual

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Confident
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-confident

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Dizzy
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-dizzy

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Explorer
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-explorer

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Eyes
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-eyes

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Hairpin
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-hairpin

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Icon
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-icon

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Mei's Journal
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-meis-journal

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Popsicle
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-popsicle

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Print
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-print

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Reading
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-reading

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Sketch
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-sketch

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Smile
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-smile

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Snow Art
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-snow-art

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Snowball
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-snowball

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Snowman
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-snowman

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Soft Serve
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-soft-serve

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Walled
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-walled

mei|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Table Tennis
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-table-tennis

mei|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-trick-or-treat

mei|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Ornament
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-ornament

mei|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Sculpting
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-sculpting

mei|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-dragon-dance

mei|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Fortune
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-fortune

mei|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Pajamas
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-pajamas

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Cute
mei|items|sprays|achievement|true
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-cute

mei|items|sprays|quality|common
mei|items|sprays|name|Pixel
mei|items|sprays|achievement|true
mei|items|sprays|id|mei-pixel

mei|items|intros|quality|common
mei|items|intros|name|Heroic
mei|items|intros|standardItem|true
mei|items|intros|id|mei-heroic

mei|items|intros|quality|epic
mei|items|intros|name|Frosty :)
mei|items|intros|id|mei-frosty

mei|items|intros|quality|epic
mei|items|intros|name|Going Up!
mei|items|intros|id|mei-going-up

mei|items|intros|quality|epic
mei|items|intros|name|Skating Around
mei|items|intros|id|mei-skating-around

mei|items|intros|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mei|items|intros|quality|epic
mei|items|intros|name|Ice Scream
mei|items|intros|id|mei-ice-scream

mei|items|poses|quality|common
mei|items|poses|name|Heroic
mei|items|poses|standardItem|true
mei|items|poses|id|mei-heroic

mei|items|poses|quality|rare
mei|items|poses|name|Casual
mei|items|poses|id|mei-casual

mei|items|poses|quality|rare
mei|items|poses|name|Hands on Hips
mei|items|poses|id|mei-hands-on-hips

mei|items|poses|quality|rare
mei|items|poses|name|Kneeling
mei|items|poses|id|mei-kneeling

mei|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mei|items|poses|quality|rare
mei|items|poses|name|Medal
mei|items|poses|id|mei-medal

mei|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mei|items|poses|quality|rare
mei|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
mei|items|poses|id|mei-rip

mei|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mei|items|poses|quality|rare
mei|items|poses|name|Lucky!
mei|items|poses|id|mei-lucky

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Expect nothing less
hanzo|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-expect-nothing-less

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Flow like water
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-flow-like-water

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|From one thing...
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-from-one-thing

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Hm...
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-hm

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|I do what I must
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-i-do-what-i-must

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Never in doubt
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-never-in-doubt

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Never second best
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-never-second-best

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Remember this moment
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-remember-this-moment

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Sake!
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-sake

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Spirit dragon
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-spirit-dragon

hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Step into the dojo
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-step-into-the-dojo

hanzo|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Ignore all distractions
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-ignore-all-distractions

hanzo|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|You are already dead
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-you-are-already-dead

hanzo|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|A gift for you
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-a-gift-for-you

hanzo|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|When the moon is full
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-when-the-moon-is-full

hanzo|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Beauty in simplicity
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-beauty-in-simplicity

hanzo|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
hanzo|items|voicelines|quality|common
hanzo|items|voicelines|name|Unacceptable
hanzo|items|voicelines|id|hanzo-unacceptable

hanzo|items|icons|hero|hanzo
hanzo|items|icons|name|Hanzo
hanzo|items|icons|id|hanzo-hanzo

hanzo|items|icons|hero|hanzo
hanzo|items|icons|name|Shimada
hanzo|items|icons|id|hanzo-shimada

hanzo|items|icons|hero|hanzo
hanzo|items|icons|name|Storm
hanzo|items|icons|id|hanzo-storm

hanzo|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
hanzo|items|icons|hero|hanzo
hanzo|items|icons|name|Archery
hanzo|items|icons|id|hanzo-archery

hanzo|items|emotes|quality|common
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Heroic
hanzo|items|emotes|standardItem|true
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-heroic

hanzo|items|emotes|quality|epic
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Beckon
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-beckon

hanzo|items|emotes|quality|epic
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Brush shoulder
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-brush-shoulder

hanzo|items|emotes|quality|epic
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Chuckle
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-chuckle

hanzo|items|emotes|quality|epic
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Meditate
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-meditate

hanzo|items|emotes|quality|epic
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Victory
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-victory

hanzo|items|emotes|event|UPRISING_2017
hanzo|items|emotes|quality|epic
hanzo|items|emotes|name|Training
hanzo|items|emotes|id|hanzo-training

hanzo|items|skins|quality|common
hanzo|items|skins|name|Classic
hanzo|items|skins|standardItem|true
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-classic

hanzo|items|skins|quality|rare
hanzo|items|skins|name|Azuki
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-azuki

hanzo|items|skins|quality|rare
hanzo|items|skins|name|Kinoko
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-kinoko

hanzo|items|skins|quality|rare
hanzo|items|skins|name|Midori
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-midori

hanzo|items|skins|quality|rare
hanzo|items|skins|name|Sora
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-sora

hanzo|items|skins|quality|epic
hanzo|items|skins|name|Cloud
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-cloud

hanzo|items|skins|quality|epic
hanzo|items|skins|name|Dragon
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-dragon

hanzo|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
hanzo|items|skins|quality|epic
hanzo|items|skins|name|Demon
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-demon

hanzo|items|skins|quality|legendary
hanzo|items|skins|name|Lone Wolf
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-lone-wolf

hanzo|items|skins|quality|legendary
hanzo|items|skins|name|Okami
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-okami

hanzo|items|skins|quality|legendary
hanzo|items|skins|name|Young Hanzo
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-young-hanzo

hanzo|items|skins|quality|legendary
hanzo|items|skins|name|Young Master
hanzo|items|skins|id|hanzo-young-master

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Archer
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-archer

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Challenge
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-challenge

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Cloud
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-cloud

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Dragon
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-dragon

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Dragons
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-dragons

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Dragonstrike
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-dragonstrike

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Drawn
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-drawn

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Duty
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-duty

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Haori
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-haori

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Icon
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-icon

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Kneeling
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-kneeling

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Kumo
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-kumo

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Moon
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-moon

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Nin
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-nin

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Sake
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-sake

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Scarf
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-scarf

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Seal
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-seal

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Spray
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-spray

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Stoic
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-stoic

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Successor
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-successor

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Tea
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-tea

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Wanderer
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-wanderer

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Yellow
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-yellow

hanzo|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Archery
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-archery

hanzo|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-trick-or-treat

hanzo|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Kadomatsu
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-kadomatsu

hanzo|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Ornament
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-ornament

hanzo|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Blue Dragon
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-blue-dragon

hanzo|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-dragon-dance

hanzo|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Ramen
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-ramen

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Cute
hanzo|items|sprays|achievement|true
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-cute

hanzo|items|sprays|quality|common
hanzo|items|sprays|name|Pixel
hanzo|items|sprays|achievement|true
hanzo|items|sprays|id|hanzo-pixel

hanzo|items|intros|quality|common
hanzo|items|intros|name|Heroic
hanzo|items|intros|standardItem|true
hanzo|items|intros|id|hanzo-heroic

hanzo|items|intros|quality|epic
hanzo|items|intros|name|Backflip
hanzo|items|intros|id|hanzo-backflip

hanzo|items|intros|quality|epic
hanzo|items|intros|name|My Aim Is True
hanzo|items|intros|id|hanzo-my-aim-is-true

hanzo|items|intros|quality|epic
hanzo|items|intros|name|Superior
hanzo|items|intros|id|hanzo-superior

hanzo|items|poses|quality|common
hanzo|items|poses|name|Heroic
hanzo|items|poses|standardItem|true
hanzo|items|poses|id|hanzo-heroic

hanzo|items|poses|quality|rare
hanzo|items|poses|name|Confident
hanzo|items|poses|id|hanzo-confident

hanzo|items|poses|quality|rare
hanzo|items|poses|name|Kneeling
hanzo|items|poses|id|hanzo-kneeling

hanzo|items|poses|quality|rare
hanzo|items|poses|name|Over the Shoulder
hanzo|items|poses|id|hanzo-over-the-shoulder

hanzo|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
hanzo|items|poses|quality|rare
hanzo|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
hanzo|items|poses|id|hanzo-rip

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|The apocalypse
roadhog|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-the-apocalypse

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Candy from a baby
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-candy-from-a-baby

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Got something to say?
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-got-something-to-say

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|HAHAHA!
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-hahaha

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Hook, line, and sinker
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-hook-line-and-sinker

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Life is pain, so is death
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-life-is-pain-so-is-death

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Piece of cake
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-piece-of-cake

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Push off
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-push-off

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Say "bacon..."
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-say-bacon

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Violence is the answer
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-violence-is-the-answer

roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|We're all animals
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-were-all-animals

roadhog|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|What's mine is mine
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-whats-mine-is-mine

roadhog|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Want some candy?
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-want-some-candy

roadhog|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Ho ho ho
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-ho-ho-ho

roadhog|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|You chicken?
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-you-chicken

roadhog|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|Killed for less than that
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-killed-for-less-than-that

roadhog|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
roadhog|items|voicelines|quality|common
roadhog|items|voicelines|name|She'll be right
roadhog|items|voicelines|id|roadhog-shell-be-right

roadhog|items|icons|hero|roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|name|Hook
roadhog|items|icons|id|roadhog-hook

roadhog|items|icons|hero|roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|name|Piggy
roadhog|items|icons|id|roadhog-piggy

roadhog|items|icons|hero|roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|name|Roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|id|roadhog-roadhog

roadhog|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
roadhog|items|icons|hero|roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|name|Diving
roadhog|items|icons|id|roadhog-diving

roadhog|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
roadhog|items|icons|hero|roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|name|The Monster
roadhog|items|icons|id|roadhog-the-monster

roadhog|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|icons|hero|roadhog
roadhog|items|icons|name|Pigsy
roadhog|items|icons|id|roadhog-pigsy

roadhog|items|emotes|quality|common
roadhog|items|emotes|name|Heroic
roadhog|items|emotes|standardItem|true
roadhog|items|emotes|id|roadhog-heroic

roadhog|items|emotes|quality|epic
roadhog|items|emotes|name|Belly Laugh
roadhog|items|emotes|id|roadhog-belly-laugh

roadhog|items|emotes|quality|epic
roadhog|items|emotes|name|Boo!
roadhog|items|emotes|id|roadhog-boo

roadhog|items|emotes|quality|epic
roadhog|items|emotes|name|Can Crusher
roadhog|items|emotes|id|roadhog-can-crusher

roadhog|items|emotes|quality|epic
roadhog|items|emotes|name|Headbanging
roadhog|items|emotes|id|roadhog-headbanging

roadhog|items|emotes|quality|epic
roadhog|items|emotes|name|Tuckered out
roadhog|items|emotes|id|roadhog-tuckered-out

roadhog|items|skins|quality|common
roadhog|items|skins|name|Classic
roadhog|items|skins|standardItem|true
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-classic

roadhog|items|skins|quality|rare
roadhog|items|skins|name|Kiwi
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-kiwi

roadhog|items|skins|quality|rare
roadhog|items|skins|name|Mud
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-mud

roadhog|items|skins|quality|rare
roadhog|items|skins|name|Sand
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-sand

roadhog|items|skins|quality|rare
roadhog|items|skins|name|Thistle
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-thistle

roadhog|items|skins|quality|epic
roadhog|items|skins|name|Pigpen
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-pigpen

roadhog|items|skins|quality|epic
roadhog|items|skins|name|Stitched
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-stitched

roadhog|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
roadhog|items|skins|quality|epic
roadhog|items|skins|name|Rudolph
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-rudolph

roadhog|items|skins|quality|legendary
roadhog|items|skins|name|Islander
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-islander

roadhog|items|skins|quality|legendary
roadhog|items|skins|name|Mako
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-mako

roadhog|items|skins|quality|legendary
roadhog|items|skins|name|Sharkbait
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-sharkbait

roadhog|items|skins|quality|legendary
roadhog|items|skins|name|Toa
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-toa

roadhog|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
roadhog|items|skins|quality|legendary
roadhog|items|skins|name|Junkenstein's Monster
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-junkensteins-monster

roadhog|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|skins|quality|legendary
roadhog|items|skins|name|Bajie
roadhog|items|skins|id|roadhog-bajie

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Breathin'
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-breathin

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Deep Thoughts
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-deep-thoughts

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Emblem
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-emblem

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Eyes
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-eyes

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Free Pig
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-free-pig

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Fresh Meat
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-fresh-meat

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Gotcha
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-gotcha

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Grand Theft
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-grand-theft

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Helmet
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-helmet

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Here Piggy
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-here-piggy

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Hogpower
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-hogpower

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Hooked
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-hooked

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Icon
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-icon

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Left
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-left

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|License
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-license

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Mako
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-mako

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|No Pork
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-no-pork

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Piggy
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-piggy

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Popper
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-popper

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Tails
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-tails

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Toxic
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-toxic

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Wanted
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-wanted

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Wild Hog
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-wild-hog

roadhog|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Diving
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-diving

roadhog|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-trick-or-treat

roadhog|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|"Winter"
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-winter

roadhog|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Ornament
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-ornament

roadhog|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-dragon-dance

roadhog|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Steamed Buns
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-steamed-buns

roadhog|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Chopper
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-chopper

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Cute
roadhog|items|sprays|achievement|true
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-cute

roadhog|items|sprays|quality|common
roadhog|items|sprays|name|Pixel
roadhog|items|sprays|achievement|true
roadhog|items|sprays|id|roadhog-pixel

roadhog|items|intros|quality|common
roadhog|items|intros|name|Heroic
roadhog|items|intros|standardItem|true
roadhog|items|intros|id|roadhog-heroic

roadhog|items|intros|quality|epic
roadhog|items|intros|name|Little Piggy
roadhog|items|intros|id|roadhog-little-piggy

roadhog|items|intros|quality|epic
roadhog|items|intros|name|Say "Cheese"
roadhog|items|intros|id|roadhog-say-cheese

roadhog|items|intros|quality|epic
roadhog|items|intros|name|WHOLE HOG
roadhog|items|intros|id|roadhog-whole-hog

roadhog|items|intros|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|intros|quality|epic
roadhog|items|intros|name|Feast
roadhog|items|intros|id|roadhog-feast

roadhog|items|poses|quality|common
roadhog|items|poses|name|Heroic
roadhog|items|poses|standardItem|true
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-heroic

roadhog|items|poses|quality|rare
roadhog|items|poses|name|Pointing to the sky
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-pointing-to-the-sky

roadhog|items|poses|quality|rare
roadhog|items|poses|name|Thumbs up
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-thumbs-up

roadhog|items|poses|quality|rare
roadhog|items|poses|name|Tuckered out
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-tuckered-out

roadhog|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
roadhog|items|poses|quality|rare
roadhog|items|poses|name|Medal
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-medal

roadhog|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
roadhog|items|poses|quality|rare
roadhog|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-rip

roadhog|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
roadhog|items|poses|quality|rare
roadhog|items|poses|name|What's mine is mine
roadhog|items|poses|id|roadhog-whats-mine-is-mine

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|I have my eye on you
mercy|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-i-have-my-eye-on-you

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Consultation fee
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-consultation-fee

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Doctor's orders
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-doctors-orders

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|How Barbaric
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-how-barbaric

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Miracle Worker
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-miracle-worker

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Need a second opinion?
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-need-a-second-opinion

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|On a scale of 1-10
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-on-a-scale-of-110

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Super!
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-super

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Take two
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-take-two

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|The Doctor Is In
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-the-doctor-is-in

mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|The doctor will see you
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-the-doctor-will-see-you

mercy|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Piece of cake
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-piece-of-cake

mercy|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Superstition
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-superstition

mercy|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Your guardian angel
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-your-guardian-angel

mercy|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|A most impressive display
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-a-most-impressive-display

mercy|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Not sure why I bother
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-not-sure-why-i-bother

mercy|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
mercy|items|voicelines|quality|common
mercy|items|voicelines|name|Take care of yourself
mercy|items|voicelines|id|mercy-take-care-of-yourself

mercy|items|icons|hero|mercy
mercy|items|icons|name|Guardian Angel
mercy|items|icons|id|mercy-guardian-angel

mercy|items|icons|hero|mercy
mercy|items|icons|name|Mercy
mercy|items|icons|id|mercy-mercy

mercy|items|icons|hero|mercy
mercy|items|icons|name|Valkyrie
mercy|items|icons|id|mercy-valkyrie

mercy|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mercy|items|icons|hero|mercy
mercy|items|icons|name|Badminton
mercy|items|icons|id|mercy-badminton

mercy|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mercy|items|icons|hero|mercy
mercy|items|icons|name|The Witch
mercy|items|icons|id|mercy-the-witch

mercy|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
mercy|items|icons|hero|mercy
mercy|items|icons|name|Combat Medic
mercy|items|icons|id|mercy-combat-medic

mercy|items|emotes|quality|common
mercy|items|emotes|name|Heroic
mercy|items|emotes|standardItem|true
mercy|items|emotes|id|mercy-heroic

mercy|items|emotes|quality|epic
mercy|items|emotes|name|Applause
mercy|items|emotes|id|mercy-applause

mercy|items|emotes|quality|epic
mercy|items|emotes|name|Caduceus
mercy|items|emotes|id|mercy-caduceus

mercy|items|emotes|quality|epic
mercy|items|emotes|name|No Pulse
mercy|items|emotes|id|mercy-no-pulse

mercy|items|emotes|quality|epic
mercy|items|emotes|name|Relax
mercy|items|emotes|id|mercy-relax

mercy|items|emotes|quality|epic
mercy|items|emotes|name|The Best Medicine
mercy|items|emotes|id|mercy-the-best-medicine

mercy|items|skins|quality|common
mercy|items|skins|name|Classic
mercy|items|skins|standardItem|true
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-classic

mercy|items|skins|quality|rare
mercy|items|skins|name|Celestial
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-celestial

mercy|items|skins|quality|rare
mercy|items|skins|name|Mist
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-mist

mercy|items|skins|quality|rare
mercy|items|skins|name|Orchid
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-orchid

mercy|items|skins|quality|rare
mercy|items|skins|name|Verdant
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-verdant

mercy|items|skins|quality|epic
mercy|items|skins|name|Amber
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-amber

mercy|items|skins|quality|epic
mercy|items|skins|name|Cobalt
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-cobalt

mercy|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mercy|items|skins|quality|epic
mercy|items|skins|name|Eidgenossin
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-eidgenossin

mercy|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mercy|items|skins|quality|epic
mercy|items|skins|name|Fortune
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-fortune

mercy|items|skins|quality|legendary
mercy|items|skins|name|Devil
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-devil

mercy|items|skins|quality|legendary
mercy|items|skins|name|Imp
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-imp

mercy|items|skins|quality|legendary
mercy|items|skins|name|Sigrun
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-sigrun

mercy|items|skins|quality|legendary
mercy|items|skins|name|Valkyrie
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-valkyrie

mercy|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mercy|items|skins|quality|legendary
mercy|items|skins|name|Witch
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-witch

mercy|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
mercy|items|skins|quality|legendary
mercy|items|skins|name|Combat Medic Ziegler
mercy|items|skins|id|mercy-combat-medic-ziegler

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Arrow
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-arrow

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Bandage
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-bandage

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Battle Ready
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-battle-ready

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Blaster
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-blaster

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Emblem
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-emblem

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Gauze
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-gauze

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Halo
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-halo

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Heroes Never Die
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-heroes-never-die

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Huge Rez!!
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-huge-rez

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Icon
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-icon

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Light
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-light

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Medic
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-medic

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|On Call
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-on-call

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Patched Up
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-patched-up

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Resurrect
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-resurrect

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Smile
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-smile

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Stethoscope
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-stethoscope

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Sting
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-sting

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Support
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-support

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Swiss
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-swiss

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Valkyrie
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-valkyrie

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Wings
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-wings

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Ziegler
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-ziegler

mercy|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Badminton
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-badminton

mercy|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-trick-or-treat

mercy|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Ornament
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-ornament

mercy|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Snow Angel
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-snow-angel

mercy|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-dragon-dance

mercy|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Parasol
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-parasol

mercy|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Combat Medic
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-combat-medic

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Cute
mercy|items|sprays|achievement|true
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-cute

mercy|items|sprays|quality|common
mercy|items|sprays|name|Pixel
mercy|items|sprays|achievement|true
mercy|items|sprays|id|mercy-pixel

mercy|items|intros|quality|common
mercy|items|intros|name|Heroic
mercy|items|intros|standardItem|true
mercy|items|intros|id|mercy-heroic

mercy|items|intros|quality|epic
mercy|items|intros|name|Battle Angel
mercy|items|intros|id|mercy-battle-angel

mercy|items|intros|quality|epic
mercy|items|intros|name|Guardian Angel
mercy|items|intros|id|mercy-guardian-angel

mercy|items|intros|quality|epic
mercy|items|intros|name|Heroes Never Die
mercy|items|intros|id|mercy-heroes-never-die

mercy|items|intros|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
mercy|items|intros|quality|epic
mercy|items|intros|name|Fortune
mercy|items|intros|id|mercy-fortune

mercy|items|poses|quality|common
mercy|items|poses|name|Heroic
mercy|items|poses|standardItem|true
mercy|items|poses|id|mercy-heroic

mercy|items|poses|quality|rare
mercy|items|poses|name|Angelic
mercy|items|poses|id|mercy-angelic

mercy|items|poses|quality|rare
mercy|items|poses|name|Carefree
mercy|items|poses|id|mercy-carefree

mercy|items|poses|quality|rare
mercy|items|poses|name|Ready for battle
mercy|items|poses|id|mercy-ready-for-battle

mercy|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
mercy|items|poses|quality|rare
mercy|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
mercy|items|poses|id|mercy-rip

mercy|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
mercy|items|poses|quality|rare
mercy|items|poses|name|Mistletoe
mercy|items|poses|id|mercy-mistletoe

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Love, D.Va
dva|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-love-dva

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|;)
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-winkyface

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|A new challenger!
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-a-new-challenger

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|AFK
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-afk

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Aw, yeah!
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-aw-yeah

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|D.Va: 1, bad guys: 0
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-dva-1-bad-guys-0

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|gg!
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-gg

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|I play to win
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-i-play-to-win

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Is this easy mode?
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-is-this-easy-mode

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|LOL
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-lol

dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|No hacks required
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-no-hacks-required

dva|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|I'm #1
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-im-1

dva|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Happy Halloween!
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-happy-halloween

dva|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Aw, you shouldn't have
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-aw-you-shouldnt-have

dva|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|The best things in life
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-the-best-things-in-life

dva|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Not taking me seriously
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-not-taking-me-seriously

dva|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
dva|items|voicelines|quality|common
dva|items|voicelines|name|Try and keep up
dva|items|voicelines|id|dva-try-and-keep-up

dva|items|icons|hero|dva
dva|items|icons|name|Bunny
dva|items|icons|id|dva-bunny

dva|items|icons|hero|dva
dva|items|icons|name|Charm
dva|items|icons|id|dva-charm

dva|items|icons|hero|dva
dva|items|icons|name|D.Va
dva|items|icons|id|dva-dva

dva|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
dva|items|icons|hero|dva
dva|items|icons|name|Cycling
dva|items|icons|id|dva-cycling

dva|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|icons|hero|dva
dva|items|icons|name|Hanbok
dva|items|icons|id|dva-hanbok

dva|items|emotes|quality|common
dva|items|emotes|name|Heroic
dva|items|emotes|standardItem|true
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-heroic

dva|items|emotes|quality|epic
dva|items|emotes|name|^o^
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-excited

dva|items|emotes|quality|epic
dva|items|emotes|name|Bunny Hop
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-bunny-hop

dva|items|emotes|quality|epic
dva|items|emotes|name|heartbreaker
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-heartbreaker

dva|items|emotes|quality|epic
dva|items|emotes|name|Party Time
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-party-time

dva|items|emotes|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|emotes|quality|epic
dva|items|emotes|name|Bow
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-bow

dva|items|emotes|quality|legendary
dva|items|emotes|name|Game On
dva|items|emotes|id|dva-game-on

dva|items|skins|quality|common
dva|items|skins|name|Classic
dva|items|skins|standardItem|true
dva|items|skins|id|dva-classic

dva|items|skins|quality|rare
dva|items|skins|name|Blueberry
dva|items|skins|id|dva-blueberry

dva|items|skins|quality|rare
dva|items|skins|name|Lemon-Lime
dva|items|skins|id|dva-lemonlime

dva|items|skins|quality|rare
dva|items|skins|name|Tangerine
dva|items|skins|id|dva-tangerine

dva|items|skins|quality|rare
dva|items|skins|name|Watermelon
dva|items|skins|id|dva-watermelon

dva|items|skins|quality|epic
dva|items|skins|name|Carbon Fiber
dva|items|skins|id|dva-carbon-fiber

dva|items|skins|quality|epic
dva|items|skins|name|White Rabbit
dva|items|skins|id|dva-white-rabbit

dva|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
dva|items|skins|quality|epic
dva|items|skins|name|Taegeukgi
dva|items|skins|id|dva-taegeukgi

dva|items|skins|quality|legendary
dva|items|skins|name|B.Va
dva|items|skins|id|dva-bva

dva|items|skins|quality|legendary
dva|items|skins|name|Junebug
dva|items|skins|id|dva-junebug

dva|items|skins|quality|legendary
dva|items|skins|name|Junker
dva|items|skins|id|dva-junker

dva|items|skins|quality|legendary
dva|items|skins|name|Scavenger
dva|items|skins|id|dva-scavenger

dva|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|skins|quality|legendary
dva|items|skins|name|Palanquin
dva|items|skins|id|dva-palanquin

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|B.Ny
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-bny

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Bang
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-bang

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Bubble
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-bubble

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Bubble Gum
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-bubble-gum

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Bunny Hop
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-bunny-hop

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Diva
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-diva

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|GG
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-gg

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Hana
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-hana

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Headset
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-headset

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Heart
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-heart

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Icon
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-icon

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Light Gun
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-light-gun

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Love D.Va
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-love-dva

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|MEKA
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-meka

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Nano Cola
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-nano-cola

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Photo
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-photo

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Pixel Bunny
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-pixel-bunny

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Power Up!
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-power-up

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Salt
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-salt

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Star
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-star

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Unload
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-unload

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Walk of Fame
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-walk-of-fame

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Watching
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-watching

dva|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Cycling
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-cycling

dva|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-trick-or-treat

dva|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|COOKIE
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-cookie

dva|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|ORNAMENT
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-ornament

dva|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-dragon-dance

dva|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Seesaw
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-seesaw

dva|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Handheld
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-handheld

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Cute
dva|items|sprays|achievement|true
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-cute

dva|items|sprays|quality|common
dva|items|sprays|name|Pixel
dva|items|sprays|achievement|true
dva|items|sprays|id|dva-pixel

dva|items|intros|quality|common
dva|items|intros|name|Heroic
dva|items|intros|standardItem|true
dva|items|intros|id|dva-heroic

dva|items|intros|quality|epic
dva|items|intros|name|Eject
dva|items|intros|id|dva-eject

dva|items|intros|quality|epic
dva|items|intros|name|Lying Around
dva|items|intros|id|dva-lying-around

dva|items|intros|quality|epic
dva|items|intros|name|MEKA Activated
dva|items|intros|id|dva-meka-activated

dva|items|intros|event|UPRISING_2017
dva|items|intros|quality|epic
dva|items|intros|name|Selfie
dva|items|intros|id|dva-selfie

dva|items|poses|quality|common
dva|items|poses|name|Heroic
dva|items|poses|standardItem|true
dva|items|poses|id|dva-heroic

dva|items|poses|quality|rare
dva|items|poses|name|I heart you
dva|items|poses|id|dva-i-heart-you

dva|items|poses|quality|rare
dva|items|poses|name|Peace
dva|items|poses|id|dva-peace

dva|items|poses|quality|rare
dva|items|poses|name|Sitting
dva|items|poses|id|dva-sitting

dva|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
dva|items|poses|quality|rare
dva|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
dva|items|poses|id|dva-rip

dva|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
dva|items|poses|quality|rare
dva|items|poses|name|Festive
dva|items|poses|id|dva-festive

dva|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
dva|items|poses|quality|rare
dva|items|poses|name|Lucky Pouch
dva|items|poses|id|dva-lucky-pouch

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|I've still got it
soldier-76|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-ive-still-got-it

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Get off my lawn
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-get-off-my-lawn

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|I didn't start this war...
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-i-didnt-start-this-war

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|I'm an army of one
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-im-an-army-of-one

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Not on my watch
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-not-on-my-watch

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Old soldiers
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-old-soldiers

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Smells like victory
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-smells-like-victory

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|That's "sir" to you
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-thats-sir-to-you

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|What are you lookin' at?
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-what-are-you-lookin-at

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|You didn't make the cut
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-you-didnt-make-the-cut

soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|You're the other one
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-youre-the-other-one

soldier-76|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|You want a medal?
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-you-want-a-medal

soldier-76|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Knock knock
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-knock-knock

soldier-76|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Stay frosty
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-stay-frosty

soldier-76|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|The rooster crows
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-the-rooster-crows

soldier-76|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Not getting any younger
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-not-getting-any-younger

soldier-76|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
soldier-76|items|voicelines|quality|common
soldier-76|items|voicelines|name|Whatever you say
soldier-76|items|voicelines|id|soldier-76-whatever-you-say

soldier-76|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
soldier-76|items|icons|name|76
soldier-76|items|icons|id|soldier-76-76

soldier-76|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
soldier-76|items|icons|name|Soldier: 76
soldier-76|items|icons|id|soldier-76-soldier-76

soldier-76|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
soldier-76|items|icons|name|Strike-Commander
soldier-76|items|icons|id|soldier-76-strikecommander

soldier-76|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
soldier-76|items|icons|hero|soldier-76
soldier-76|items|icons|name|Golf
soldier-76|items|icons|id|soldier-76-golf

soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|common
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|Heroic
soldier-76|items|emotes|standardItem|true
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-heroic

soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|Amused
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-amused

soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|Fist
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-fist

soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|I see you
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-i-see-you

soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|Locked and Loaded
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-locked-and-loaded

soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|Take a Knee
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-take-a-knee

soldier-76|items|emotes|event|UPRISING_2017
soldier-76|items|emotes|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|emotes|name|Push-ups
soldier-76|items|emotes|id|soldier-76-pushups

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|common
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Classic
soldier-76|items|skins|standardItem|true
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-classic

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Jet
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-jet

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Olive
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-olive

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Russet
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-russet

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Smoke
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-smoke

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Bone
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-bone

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Golden
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-golden

soldier-76|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
soldier-76|items|skins|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Immortal
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-immortal

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|legendary
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Commando: 76
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-commando-76

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|legendary
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Daredevil: 76
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-daredevil-76

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|legendary
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Night Ops: 76
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-night-ops-76

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|legendary
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Stunt Rider: 76
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-stunt-rider-76

soldier-76|items|skins|quality|legendary
soldier-76|items|skins|name|Strike-Commander Morrison
soldier-76|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
soldier-76|items|skins|id|soldier-76-strikecommander-morrison

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|76
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-76

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|All Soldiers
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-all-soldiers

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|American Hero
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-american-hero

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Coin
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-coin

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Grave
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-grave

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Grizzled
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-grizzled

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Heal Up
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-heal-up

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Helix
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-helix

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Hooah
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-hooah

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Icon
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-icon

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Jacket: 76
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-jacket-76

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Move!
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-move

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Muzzle
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-muzzle

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Old Soldier
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-old-soldier

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Pulse Rifle
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-pulse-rifle

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Resolute
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-resolute

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Rifle: 76
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-rifle-76

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Rockets
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-rockets

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Salute
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-salute

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Strike Commander
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-strike-commander

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Vigilante
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-vigilante

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Visor
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-visor

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Wanted
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-wanted

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Golf
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-golf

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-trick-or-treat

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Army Man: 76
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-army-man-76

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Ornament
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-ornament

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-dragon-dance

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Folded Hands
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-folded-hands

soldier-76|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Commando
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-commando

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Cute
soldier-76|items|sprays|achievement|true
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-cute

soldier-76|items|sprays|quality|common
soldier-76|items|sprays|name|Pixel
soldier-76|items|sprays|achievement|true
soldier-76|items|sprays|id|soldier-76-pixel

soldier-76|items|intros|quality|common
soldier-76|items|intros|name|Heroic
soldier-76|items|intros|standardItem|true
soldier-76|items|intros|id|soldier-76-heroic

soldier-76|items|intros|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|intros|name|HELIX
soldier-76|items|intros|id|soldier-76-helix

soldier-76|items|intros|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|intros|name|Looking at You
soldier-76|items|intros|id|soldier-76-looking-at-you

soldier-76|items|intros|quality|epic
soldier-76|items|intros|name|Target Rich Environment
soldier-76|items|intros|id|soldier-76-target-rich-environment

soldier-76|items|poses|quality|common
soldier-76|items|poses|name|Heroic
soldier-76|items|poses|standardItem|true
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-heroic

soldier-76|items|poses|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|poses|name|Fist Pump
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-fist-pump

soldier-76|items|poses|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|poses|name|Locked and Loaded
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-locked-and-loaded

soldier-76|items|poses|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|poses|name|Soldier
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-soldier

soldier-76|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
soldier-76|items|poses|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|poses|name|Golf Swing
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-golf-swing

soldier-76|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
soldier-76|items|poses|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-rip

soldier-76|items|poses|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
soldier-76|items|poses|quality|rare
soldier-76|items|poses|name|Toast
soldier-76|items|poses|id|soldier-76-toast

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|What are you looking at
reaper|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-what-are-you-looking-at

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Dead man walking
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-dead-man-walking

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Give me a break
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-give-me-a-break

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Haven't I killed you
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-havent-i-killed-you

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|I'm back in black
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-im-back-in-black

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|If it lives, I can kill it
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-if-it-lives-i-can-kill-it

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Next
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-next

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Psychopath
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-psychopath

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Seen a ghost?
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-seen-a-ghost

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Too easy
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-too-easy

reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Was that all?
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-was-that-all

reaper|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|It's in the refrigerator
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-its-in-the-refrigerator

reaper|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|I work the graveyard shift
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-i-work-the-graveyard-shift

reaper|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Holiday spirit
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-holiday-spirit

reaper|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Now those are fireworks
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-now-those-are-fireworks

reaper|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Amateur hour
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-amatuer-hour

reaper|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
reaper|items|voicelines|quality|common
reaper|items|voicelines|name|Moving on
reaper|items|voicelines|id|reaper-moving-on

reaper|items|icons|hero|reaper
reaper|items|icons|name|Emblem
reaper|items|icons|id|reaper-emblem

reaper|items|icons|hero|reaper
reaper|items|icons|name|Reaper
reaper|items|icons|id|reaper-reaper

reaper|items|icons|hero|reaper
reaper|items|icons|name|Soul
reaper|items|icons|id|reaper-soul

reaper|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reaper|items|icons|hero|reaper
reaper|items|icons|name|BMX
reaper|items|icons|id|reaper-bmx

reaper|items|icons|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reaper|items|icons|hero|reaper
reaper|items|icons|name|The Reaper
reaper|items|icons|id|reaper-the-reaper

reaper|items|emotes|quality|common
reaper|items|emotes|name|Heroic
reaper|items|emotes|standardItem|true
reaper|items|emotes|id|reaper-heroic

reaper|items|emotes|quality|epic
reaper|items|emotes|name|Cackle
reaper|items|emotes|id|reaper-cackle

reaper|items|emotes|quality|epic
reaper|items|emotes|name|Not Impressed
reaper|items|emotes|id|reaper-not-impressed

reaper|items|emotes|quality|epic
reaper|items|emotes|name|Slice
reaper|items|emotes|id|reaper-slice

reaper|items|emotes|quality|epic
reaper|items|emotes|name|Slow Clap
reaper|items|emotes|id|reaper-slow-clap

reaper|items|emotes|quality|epic
reaper|items|emotes|name|Take a knee
reaper|items|emotes|id|reaper-take-a-knee

reaper|items|skins|quality|common
reaper|items|skins|name|Classic
reaper|items|skins|standardItem|true
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-classic

reaper|items|skins|quality|rare
reaper|items|skins|name|Blood
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-blood

reaper|items|skins|quality|rare
reaper|items|skins|name|Midnight
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-midnight

reaper|items|skins|quality|rare
reaper|items|skins|name|Moss
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-moss

reaper|items|skins|quality|rare
reaper|items|skins|name|Royal
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-royal

reaper|items|skins|quality|epic
reaper|items|skins|name|Desert
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-desert

reaper|items|skins|quality|epic
reaper|items|skins|name|Wight
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-wight

reaper|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reaper|items|skins|quality|epic
reaper|items|skins|name|Shiver
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-shiver

reaper|items|skins|quality|legendary
reaper|items|skins|name|El Blanco
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-el-blanco

reaper|items|skins|quality|legendary
reaper|items|skins|name|Mariachi
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-mariachi

reaper|items|skins|quality|legendary
reaper|items|skins|name|Nevermore
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-nevermore

reaper|items|skins|quality|legendary
reaper|items|skins|name|Plague Doctor
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-plague-doctor

reaper|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reaper|items|skins|quality|legendary
reaper|items|skins|name|Pumpkin
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-pumpkin

reaper|items|skins|quality|legendary
reaper|items|skins|name|Blackwatch Reyes
reaper|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
reaper|items|skins|id|reaper-blackwatch-reyes

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Blackwatch
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-blackwatch

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Blossom
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-blossom

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Cloaked
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-cloaked

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Death Blossom
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-death-blossom

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Death Comes
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-death-comes

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Die Die Die
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-die-die-die

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Everywhere
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-everywhere

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Grave
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-grave

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Hellfire
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-hellfire

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Hooded
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-hooded

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Horns
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-horns

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Icon
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-icon

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Oops
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-oops

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Psst
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-psst

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Reap On
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-reap-on

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Reaping
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-reaping

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Revenge
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-revenge

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Scythes
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-scythes

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Shadow
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-shadow

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Shadow Step
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-shadow-step

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Silent
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-silent

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Soul Globe
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-soul-globe

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Time to Kill
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-time-to-kill

reaper|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|BMX
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-bmx

reaper|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-trick-or-treat

reaper|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Ornament
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-ornament

reaper|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Stocking
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-stocking

reaper|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-dragon-dance

reaper|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Fire Blossom
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-fire-blossom

reaper|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Commando
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-commando

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Cute
reaper|items|sprays|achievement|true
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-cute

reaper|items|sprays|quality|common
reaper|items|sprays|name|Pixel
reaper|items|sprays|achievement|true
reaper|items|sprays|id|reaper-pixel

reaper|items|intros|quality|common
reaper|items|intros|name|Heroic
reaper|items|intros|standardItem|true
reaper|items|intros|id|reaper-heroic

reaper|items|intros|quality|epic
reaper|items|intros|name|Death Blossom
reaper|items|intros|id|reaper-death-blossom

reaper|items|intros|quality|epic
reaper|items|intros|name|Executioner
reaper|items|intros|id|reaper-executioner

reaper|items|intros|quality|epic
reaper|items|intros|name|SHADOW STEP
reaper|items|intros|id|reaper-shadow-step

reaper|items|intros|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reaper|items|intros|quality|epic
reaper|items|intros|name|Eternal Rest
reaper|items|intros|id|reaper-eternal-rest

reaper|items|poses|quality|common
reaper|items|poses|name|Heroic
reaper|items|poses|standardItem|true
reaper|items|poses|id|reaper-heroic

reaper|items|poses|quality|rare
reaper|items|poses|name|Casual
reaper|items|poses|id|reaper-casual

reaper|items|poses|quality|rare
reaper|items|poses|name|Enigmatic
reaper|items|poses|id|reaper-enigmatic

reaper|items|poses|quality|rare
reaper|items|poses|name|Menacing
reaper|items|poses|id|reaper-menacing

reaper|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
reaper|items|poses|quality|rare
reaper|items|poses|name|Medal
reaper|items|poses|id|reaper-medal

reaper|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
reaper|items|poses|quality|rare
reaper|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
reaper|items|poses|id|reaper-rip

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|We are in harmony
zenyatta|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-we-are-in-harmony

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Death is whimsical today
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-death-is-whimsical-today

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Do I think?
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-do-i-think

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Free your mind
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-free-your-mind

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Hello, world!
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-hello-world

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|I dreamt I was a butterfly
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-i-dreamt-i-was-a-butterfly

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|I think, therefore I am
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-i-think-therefore-i-am

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|I will not juggle
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-i-will-not-juggle

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Ones and zeroes
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-ones-and-zeroes

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Peace and blessings
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-peace-and-blessings

zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|The iris embraces you
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-the-iris-embraces-you

zenyatta|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Strive for improvement
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-strive-for-improvement

zenyatta|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Trick or treat?
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-trick-or-treat

zenyatta|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|No snowflake
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-no-snowflake

zenyatta|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Every rooster crows
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-every-rooster-crows

zenyatta|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Path to enlightenment
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-path-to-enlightenment

zenyatta|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
zenyatta|items|voicelines|quality|common
zenyatta|items|voicelines|name|Where you're headed
zenyatta|items|voicelines|id|zenyatta-where-youre-headed

zenyatta|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|name|Harmony
zenyatta|items|icons|id|zenyatta-harmony

zenyatta|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|name|Meditation
zenyatta|items|icons|id|zenyatta-meditation

zenyatta|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|name|Zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|id|zenyatta-zenyatta

zenyatta|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zenyatta|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|name|Taekwondo
zenyatta|items|icons|id|zenyatta-taekwondo

zenyatta|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zenyatta|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|name|Nutcracker
zenyatta|items|icons|id|zenyatta-nutcracker

zenyatta|items|icons|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zenyatta|items|icons|hero|zenyatta
zenyatta|items|icons|name|Sanzang
zenyatta|items|icons|id|zenyatta-sanzang

zenyatta|items|emotes|quality|common
zenyatta|items|emotes|name|Heroic
zenyatta|items|emotes|standardItem|true
zenyatta|items|emotes|id|zenyatta-heroic

zenyatta|items|emotes|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|emotes|name|Focusing
zenyatta|items|emotes|id|zenyatta-focusing

zenyatta|items|emotes|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|emotes|name|Meditate
zenyatta|items|emotes|id|zenyatta-meditate

zenyatta|items|emotes|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|emotes|name|Round of Applause
zenyatta|items|emotes|id|zenyatta-round-of-applause

zenyatta|items|emotes|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|emotes|name|Taunt
zenyatta|items|emotes|id|zenyatta-taunt

zenyatta|items|emotes|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|emotes|name|Tickled
zenyatta|items|emotes|id|zenyatta-tickled

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|common
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Classic
zenyatta|items|skins|standardItem|true
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-classic

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Air
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-air

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Earth
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-earth

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Leaf
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-leaf

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Water
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-water

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Ascendant
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-ascendant

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Harmonious
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-harmonious

zenyatta|items|skins|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zenyatta|items|skins|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Skullyatta
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-skullyatta

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|legendary
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Djinnyatta
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-djinnyatta

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|legendary
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Ifrit
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-ifrit

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|legendary
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Ra
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-ra

zenyatta|items|skins|quality|legendary
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Sunyatta
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-sunyatta

zenyatta|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zenyatta|items|skins|quality|legendary
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Nutcracker
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-nutcracker

zenyatta|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zenyatta|items|skins|quality|legendary
zenyatta|items|skins|name|Sanzang
zenyatta|items|skins|id|zenyatta-sanzang

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Adorable
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-adorable

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Aura
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-aura

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Balance
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-balance

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Contemplative
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-contemplative

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Discord
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-discord

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Enlightened
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-enlightened

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Fist Bump
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-fist-bump

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Flow
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-flow

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Foot
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-foot

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Graphic
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-graphic

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Guru
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-guru

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Hand
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-hand

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Harmony
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-harmony

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Icon
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-icon

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Inner Fire
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-inner-fire

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Nine
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-nine

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Orb
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-orb

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Orbs
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-orbs

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Peace
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-peace

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Taunt
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-taunt

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Tekhartha
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-tekhartha

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Throw
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-throw

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Together
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-together

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Taekwondo
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-taekwondo

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-trick-or-treat

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Ornament
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-ornament

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Snowball Fight
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-snowball-fight

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-dragon-dance

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Yut Nori
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-yut-nori

zenyatta|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Shell
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-shell

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Cute
zenyatta|items|sprays|achievement|true
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-cute

zenyatta|items|sprays|quality|common
zenyatta|items|sprays|name|Pixel
zenyatta|items|sprays|achievement|true
zenyatta|items|sprays|id|zenyatta-pixel

zenyatta|items|intros|quality|common
zenyatta|items|intros|name|Heroic
zenyatta|items|intros|standardItem|true
zenyatta|items|intros|id|zenyatta-heroic

zenyatta|items|intros|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|intros|name|Focused
zenyatta|items|intros|id|zenyatta-focused

zenyatta|items|intros|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|intros|name|Harmony and Discord
zenyatta|items|intros|id|zenyatta-harmony-and-discord

zenyatta|items|intros|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|intros|name|Transcendence
zenyatta|items|intros|id|zenyatta-transcendence

zenyatta|items|intros|event|UPRISING_2017
zenyatta|items|intros|quality|epic
zenyatta|items|intros|name|Perspective
zenyatta|items|intros|id|zenyatta-perspective

zenyatta|items|poses|quality|common
zenyatta|items|poses|name|Heroic
zenyatta|items|poses|standardItem|true
zenyatta|items|poses|id|zenyatta-heroic

zenyatta|items|poses|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|poses|name|Balance
zenyatta|items|poses|id|zenyatta-balance

zenyatta|items|poses|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|poses|name|Harmony
zenyatta|items|poses|id|zenyatta-harmony

zenyatta|items|poses|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|poses|name|Peace
zenyatta|items|poses|id|zenyatta-peace

zenyatta|items|poses|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
zenyatta|items|poses|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|poses|name|Medals
zenyatta|items|poses|id|zenyatta-medals

zenyatta|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
zenyatta|items|poses|quality|rare
zenyatta|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
zenyatta|items|poses|id|zenyatta-rip

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Playing Fair
sombra|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-playing-fair

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Boop
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-boop

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Cool
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-cool

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Did you mean to do that?
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-did-you-mean-to-do-that

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Glitch in the system
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-glitch-in-the-system

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Good one
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-good-one

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Hack the Planet
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-hack-the-planet

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|In over your head
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-in-over-your-head

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Just squishing a bug
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-just-squishing-a-bug

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Mess with the best...
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-mess-with-the-best

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Show me what you got
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-show-me-what-you-got

sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Taking this very seriously
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-taking-this-very-seriously

sombra|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|I know who's been naughty
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-i-know-whos-been-naughty

sombra|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|You're easily impressed
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-youre-easily-impressed

sombra|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|Don't be a coward
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-dont-be-a-coward

sombra|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
sombra|items|voicelines|quality|common
sombra|items|voicelines|name|I'd love to stay and chat
sombra|items|voicelines|id|sombra-id-love-to-stay-and-chat

sombra|items|icons|hero|sombra
sombra|items|icons|name|Hacker
sombra|items|icons|id|sombra-hacker

sombra|items|icons|hero|sombra
sombra|items|icons|name|Skull
sombra|items|icons|id|sombra-skull

sombra|items|icons|hero|sombra
sombra|items|icons|name|Sombra
sombra|items|icons|id|sombra-sombra

sombra|items|emotes|quality|common
sombra|items|emotes|name|Heroic
sombra|items|emotes|standardItem|true
sombra|items|emotes|id|sombra-heroic

sombra|items|emotes|quality|epic
sombra|items|emotes|name|Amused
sombra|items|emotes|id|sombra-amused

sombra|items|emotes|quality|epic
sombra|items|emotes|name|Hold On
sombra|items|emotes|id|sombra-hold-on

sombra|items|emotes|quality|epic
sombra|items|emotes|name|Masterpiece
sombra|items|emotes|id|sombra-masterpiece

sombra|items|skins|quality|common
sombra|items|skins|name|Classic
sombra|items|skins|standardItem|true
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-classic

sombra|items|skins|quality|rare
sombra|items|skins|name|Cidro
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-cidro

sombra|items|skins|quality|rare
sombra|items|skins|name|Incendio
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-incendio

sombra|items|skins|quality|rare
sombra|items|skins|name|Mar
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-mar

sombra|items|skins|quality|rare
sombra|items|skins|name|Noche
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-noche

sombra|items|skins|quality|epic
sombra|items|skins|name|Glitch
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-glitch

sombra|items|skins|quality|epic
sombra|items|skins|name|Virus
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-virus

sombra|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
sombra|items|skins|quality|epic
sombra|items|skins|name|Peppermint
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-peppermint

sombra|items|skins|quality|legendary
sombra|items|skins|name|Augmented
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-augmented

sombra|items|skins|quality|legendary
sombra|items|skins|name|Azucar
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-azucar

sombra|items|skins|quality|legendary
sombra|items|skins|name|Cyberspace
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-cyberspace

sombra|items|skins|quality|legendary
sombra|items|skins|name|Los Muertos
sombra|items|skins|id|sombra-los-muertos

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|5kull
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-5kull

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Agent
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-agent

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Behind You
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-behind-you

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Calavera
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-calavera

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Deaf-Mute
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-deafmute

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Eyes
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-eyes

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Hacked
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-hacked

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Hacked the Moon
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-hacked-the-moon

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Hacker
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-hacker

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Icon
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-icon

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Illusive
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-illusive

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Key
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-key

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Machine Pistol
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-machine-pistol

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Marionette
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-marionette

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Neural
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-neural

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Power
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-power

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Puzzle
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-puzzle

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Skull
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-skull

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Skycode
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-skycode

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Superior
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-superior

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Tagged
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-tagged

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Translocator
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-translocator

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Unlocked
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-unlocked

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Virus
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-virus

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Web
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-web

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|?Quien?
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-quien

sombra|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Ornament
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-ornament

sombra|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Puppet
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-puppet

sombra|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-dragon-dance

sombra|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Fortunate
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-fortunate

sombra|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Espresso
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-espresso

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Cute
sombra|items|sprays|achievement|true
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-cute

sombra|items|sprays|quality|common
sombra|items|sprays|name|Pixel
sombra|items|sprays|achievement|true
sombra|items|sprays|id|sombra-pixel

sombra|items|intros|quality|common
sombra|items|intros|name|Heroic
sombra|items|intros|standardItem|true
sombra|items|intros|id|sombra-heroic

sombra|items|intros|quality|epic
sombra|items|intros|name|Hacking
sombra|items|intros|id|sombra-hacking

sombra|items|intros|quality|epic
sombra|items|intros|name|Pulse
sombra|items|intros|id|sombra-pulse

sombra|items|intros|quality|epic
sombra|items|intros|name|Undetected
sombra|items|intros|id|sombra-undetected

sombra|items|poses|quality|common
sombra|items|poses|name|Heroic
sombra|items|poses|standardItem|true
sombra|items|poses|id|sombra-heroic

sombra|items|poses|quality|rare
sombra|items|poses|name|Hacked
sombra|items|poses|id|sombra-hacked

sombra|items|poses|quality|rare
sombra|items|poses|name|Kneeling
sombra|items|poses|id|sombra-kneeling

sombra|items|poses|quality|rare
sombra|items|poses|name|Rising
sombra|items|poses|id|sombra-rising

sombra|items|poses|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
sombra|items|poses|quality|rare
sombra|items|poses|name|Sparklers
sombra|items|poses|id|sombra-sparklers

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|You got it
tracer|items|voicelines|standardItem|true
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-you-got-it

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Aw, rubbish
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-aw-rubbish

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Be right back!
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-be-right-back

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Check me out
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-check-me-out

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Cheers, love!
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-cheers-love

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|deja vu
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-deja-vu

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Keep calm
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-keep-calm

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|She shoots, she scores
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-she-shoots-she-scores

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|The world needs heroes
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-the-world-needs-heroes

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Under control
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-under-control

tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|You need a time out
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-you-need-a-time-out

tracer|items|voicelines|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Eat my dust
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-eat-my-dust

tracer|items|voicelines|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Ooh, Scary!
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-ooh-scary

tracer|items|voicelines|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|It's in the bag
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-its-in-the-bag

tracer|items|voicelines|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Ready for some fireworks?
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-ready-for-some-fireworks

tracer|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Don't be daft
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-dont-be-daft

tracer|items|voicelines|event|UPRISING_2017
tracer|items|voicelines|quality|common
tracer|items|voicelines|name|Sorry i'm late
tracer|items|voicelines|id|tracer-sorry-im-late

tracer|items|icons|hero|tracer
tracer|items|icons|name|Patch
tracer|items|icons|id|tracer-patch

tracer|items|icons|hero|tracer
tracer|items|icons|name|Pulse Bomb
tracer|items|icons|id|tracer-pulse-bomb

tracer|items|icons|hero|tracer
tracer|items|icons|name|Tracer
tracer|items|icons|id|tracer-tracer

tracer|items|icons|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
tracer|items|icons|hero|tracer
tracer|items|icons|name|Track
tracer|items|icons|id|tracer-track

tracer|items|icons|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
tracer|items|icons|hero|tracer
tracer|items|icons|name|Jingle
tracer|items|icons|id|tracer-jingle

tracer|items|icons|event|UPRISING_2017
tracer|items|icons|hero|tracer
tracer|items|icons|name|Cadet
tracer|items|icons|id|tracer-cadet

tracer|items|emotes|quality|common
tracer|items|emotes|name|Heroic
tracer|items|emotes|standardItem|true
tracer|items|emotes|id|tracer-heroic

tracer|items|emotes|quality|epic
tracer|items|emotes|name|Cheer
tracer|items|emotes|id|tracer-cheer

tracer|items|emotes|quality|epic
tracer|items|emotes|name|Having a laugh
tracer|items|emotes|id|tracer-having-a-laugh

tracer|items|emotes|quality|epic
tracer|items|emotes|name|Sitting Around...
tracer|items|emotes|id|tracer-sitting-around

tracer|items|emotes|quality|epic
tracer|items|emotes|name|Spin
tracer|items|emotes|id|tracer-spin

tracer|items|skins|quality|common
tracer|items|skins|name|Classic
tracer|items|skins|standardItem|true
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-classic

tracer|items|skins|quality|rare
tracer|items|skins|name|Electric Purple
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-electric-purple

tracer|items|skins|quality|rare
tracer|items|skins|name|Hot Pink
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-hot-pink

tracer|items|skins|quality|rare
tracer|items|skins|name|Neon Green
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-neon-green

tracer|items|skins|quality|rare
tracer|items|skins|name|Royal Blue
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-royal-blue

tracer|items|skins|quality|epic
tracer|items|skins|name|Posh
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-posh

tracer|items|skins|quality|epic
tracer|items|skins|name|Sporty
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-sporty

tracer|items|skins|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
tracer|items|skins|quality|epic
tracer|items|skins|name|Rose
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-rose

tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Mach T
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-mach-t

tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Punk
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-punk

tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|T. Racer
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-t-racer

tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Ultraviolet
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-ultraviolet

tracer|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Sprinter
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-sprinter

tracer|items|skins|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Track and Field
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-track-and-field

tracer|items|skins|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Jingle
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-jingle

tracer|items|skins|event|UPRISING_2017
tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Cadet Oxton
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-cadet-oxton

tracer|items|skins|quality|legendary
tracer|items|skins|name|Slipstream
tracer|items|skins|achievement|blizzard
tracer|items|skins|id|tracer-slipstream

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Blink
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-blink

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Bomb's Away!
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-bombs-away

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Cavalry's Here
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-cavalrys-here

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Cheers
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-cheers

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Cheers, Love
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-cheers-love

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Clock's Tickin'
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-clocks-tickin

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Confident
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-confident

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Fighter
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-fighter

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Icon
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-icon

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Kneeling
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-kneeling

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Lena
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-lena

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Orange
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-orange

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Pew! Pew! Pew!
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-pew-pew-pew

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Pistols
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-pistols

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Portrait
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-portrait

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Poster
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-poster

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Pulse Bomb
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-pulse-bomb

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Ready for Action
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-ready-for-action

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Salute
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-salute

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Shaded
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-shaded

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Tagged
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-tagged

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Whatcha' Lookin' At?
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-whatcha-lookin-at

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Wings
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-wings

tracer|items|sprays|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Track
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-track

tracer|items|sprays|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Trick or Treat
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-trick-or-treat

tracer|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Ornament
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-ornament

tracer|items|sprays|event|WINTER_WONDERLAND_2016
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Snowboarding
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-snowboarding

tracer|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Dragon Dance
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-dragon-dance

tracer|items|sprays|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Fan Dance
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-fan-dance

tracer|items|sprays|event|UPRISING_2017
tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Slipstream
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-slipstream

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Cute
tracer|items|sprays|achievement|true
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-cute

tracer|items|sprays|quality|common
tracer|items|sprays|name|Pixel
tracer|items|sprays|achievement|true
tracer|items|sprays|id|tracer-pixel

tracer|items|intros|quality|common
tracer|items|intros|name|Heroic
tracer|items|intros|standardItem|true
tracer|items|intros|id|tracer-heroic

tracer|items|intros|quality|epic
tracer|items|intros|name|Backflip
tracer|items|intros|id|tracer-backflip

tracer|items|intros|quality|epic
tracer|items|intros|name|Just in Time
tracer|items|intros|id|tracer-just-in-time

tracer|items|intros|quality|epic
tracer|items|intros|name|Serious Business
tracer|items|intros|id|tracer-serious-business

tracer|items|intros|event|SUMMER_GAMES_2016
tracer|items|intros|quality|epic
tracer|items|intros|name|Hurdle
tracer|items|intros|id|tracer-hurdle

tracer|items|intros|event|YEAR_OF_THE_ROOSTER_2017
tracer|items|intros|quality|epic
tracer|items|intros|name|Lion Dance
tracer|items|intros|id|tracer-lion-dance

tracer|items|poses|quality|common
tracer|items|poses|name|Heroic
tracer|items|poses|standardItem|true
tracer|items|poses|id|tracer-heroic

tracer|items|poses|quality|rare
tracer|items|poses|name|Over the Shoulder
tracer|items|poses|id|tracer-over-the-shoulder

tracer|items|poses|quality|rare
tracer|items|poses|name|Salute
tracer|items|poses|id|tracer-salute

tracer|items|poses|quality|rare
tracer|items|poses|name|Sitting
tracer|items|poses|id|tracer-sitting

tracer|items|poses|event|HALLOWEEN_2016
tracer|items|poses|quality|rare
tracer|items|poses|name|R.I.P.
tracer|items|poses|id|tracer-rip
